is using wrap to wrap a pair of skis.
pulls the barbell forward.
are driving the canoe, they go down the river flowing side to side.
walks down a track. the boy runs into a car.
continues to lift his body over the pole.
competes by clapping and flexing both arms.
rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.
are then shown in closeups shooting a shot put.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.
then uses a strip of sealing tape to seal the board and then smooths the bottom of the board.
scrapes the wood with a broom in the cutting tool used in sharpening the instrument.
then escapes and jumps away.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
is covered to the boy that is playing there.
then throws the ball into the pool and begins running around with a sail in his hand while a group of men watch.
pauses in the process of eating to enjoy her food.
are then shown performing the type of cheerleading dance, using batons and pole vaults.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member stands looking into a hut and then handing people photographs.
gets up and walks away to the other room.
are shown and she misses a little bit of her swing.
she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.
lose their shirt during the fight and run back the others.
instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing.
walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.
walks past the camera, looking better soon after.
gets some food out of the fridge and they continue playing together.
crawls to the door.
went to the target board and talked to the camera.
walks off the porch and goes back inside.
runs loose and feeds on his movements.
is very neat and clean and very active under the circumstances.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a newspaper story.
see a closing title screen.
then uses paper to spread it all over the wall followed by others putting paper through with the plaster.
appears and then different people carry it to a table where they mix the liquid with a straw with a straw and take turns squirting the liquid into their skin.
talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.
tries to rise but dikes instead.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.
is presenting cookies to the room with a loaf of bread.
, the child and the woman tries to eat food without ice cream, then they sit and talk with adults in the room.
tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.
hits a big weight in slow motion.
installs and interacts with a sleeping pet before moving away.
, the person grabs polish paste and water to polish the shoe.
then begins marching down a fitness track, demonstrating steps, going forward and backward, in between takes several breaks to lift their feet.
shows the using the sharpener on a piece of wood.
walks onto the stage to join a band.
walks onto the stage to join a band. A man plays up front of a band with a harmonica.
are shown of people wake boarding.
then are shown washing a car.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast cross the pommel horse with the long rope while performing handsprings.
is in the water pushing a boat with a sail.
demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
takes out a wall show from his guitar.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
continues to work by scrubbing the windows and then by pouring water out.
does a trick on his dirty ice fishing line.
finally reaches the surface.
then begins washing the other child and ends by copulating with him.
pops, and a child in white attempts to hit the pinata, but fails.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
continues playing the violin and beginning to intermittently move the sticks up and down.
boils food into a bowl and then adds some part of a salad into the bowl.
starts mixing the ingredients together.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
peels the old clothing off the piece and replaces it with dry material.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
quickly picks up and irons, flames dancing over the clothing.
walks around the house without stepping on anything.
then clips the cat nails.
takes the cat to the other room.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
is still serving the baton, she places the extension on her left hand and does a full 180 degree spin in one flip.
is replayed in slow motion.
wet his car and wipes it down.
see the old man's garage and what looks like a boat in the water.
opens the doors on his car and gets in.
again lifts the weight over his head.
gives her several tips and she continues creating darts.
then zooms in on the foamy waters as well as the nearby cliffs and forest surrounding it.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water.
stretches in front of it.
then explains the skates movement and how to use the breaks that is in the back of the skates.
turns the dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
also shows how to use tubing no a string is attached to it and she explaining the use of the tubing.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
continues using the appliance to put the fancy knife on the box.
grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance.
down retracts from the knife and starts sharpening the knife back up again.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
then begins applying the liquid to his body.
looked behind him, then and continue walking to the pole.
walks back and loosens up before walking back up and doing it again adding more weight.
walks back up and drops the weights back down.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
pauses for a few moments to speak to one another and the camera captures the shooters from different angles.
are sitting in a kayak behind the water.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see divers and a man talking.
walks into the camera frame.
moves to one side of the sink and slowly replaces the tile while also speaking to the camera.
camera pans to people watching the game.
returns to the people riding the donkeys.
pick up sticks and start the match, alternating back and forth.
grabs them and whips them apart.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
does not have to go as far as he needed to to go as he is ready to go.
sit by the holes and continue to pull out fish.
brushes and walks with the dog very close.
, the young man stops playing and pass on front a row of drummers.
walks across the court with the ball and keeps walking then pulling the girls to the other side of the court and the girls begin playing volleyball rhythmically rolling on the floor as the coach helps them follow how to properly do things.
is shown wearing skis as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.
attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
walks around the mopping area.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
then jumps onto a tennis ball that is positioned in between a set of net and a larger setting of tables on which are arranged various rackets and vegetables as well as various sticks.
bounces and throws the ball evenly evenly to continue the game of tennis against the two balls.
returns with a third serve.
is on a slack line and is pushed down it.
is now seen riding beside the cyclist and taking pictures as well.
is running on a track in front of a crowd of people.
is crawling across a finish line while other runners are running through the finish line.
are shown in distress and talking to the camera.
then lights a match and starts throwing the wood to the other.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man puts a knife in the sharpener knife to sharpen.
fall, others are shown as well.
then weld and a bartender gives an alcoholic beverage to the worker.
, people are again singing, drinking and dancing outdoors.
pulls the pole and wire up higher and the man kneeling on the ice pulls the fish out of the ice water and puts it onto the ice.
is then kneeling on the ice and the men fly up and fly as far as possible.
is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates, scoring.
then wipes his face.
, the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance.
, the men throw the canoe into the water, while one of them holds the paddle with his right hand.
are shoveling snow from the foot of the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
stop at the bottom and talk.
then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
once again changes course and takes a break before continuing to talk to the camera.
played tennis ball with another person.
is playing racket ball while talking to the camera.
only if divided by 2.
stops playing and drops the violin.
runs up and grabs the guitar, then begins strumming.
walks the harmonica up and shows it.
walk by behind the musician while he plays.
zooms back out to show the well laid tires.
spray water on the car to wash the soap off.
engages in some form of mount.
takes off on a bright course.
rinses his face with water from the body of water.
washes persons hands and wipes them with a blue cloth.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
washer is applied and the wash sheet is spread out on the floor.
are shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away makeup.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
stops at a jar of liquid in the sink.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
stops playing the violin and starts to sit up.
is giving a tattoo to a man on a bed.
are made and put in.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
them a carton of milk, estes laughs and their mom feeds the boy.
departs from the camera frame, holding a spoon and shakes it in the air.
are filled with crowds, people and cars, and she is wearing a white and orange outfit.
walks the stairs of a building.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
use the string to create a sled as they begin sledding through the streets of paris.
crawls out and the man grabs it.
continue playing with one another in the water and join stand by to watch the game.
person keeps score and pretends to make a goal.
see a title and the man appears, shirtless.
see a yellow screen and title screen.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
lands on the road where construction workers are spraying it down, and a boy with sunglasses runs towards the skateboard like a robot.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
holds up a bottle of fluid and puts it on an iv.
shows several different ways to clean a sink during a wash and is seen staring into the camera.
went back to using his hands to wash the clothes gradually.
adds more soap to the washing machine and then proceeds to swirl and rinse the clothes.
walks a mower across very tall growing grass.
runs and catches frisbee.
see an opening title screen.
gives instructions on how to clean a window in a home.
see a fish landing into the water.
immediately shits in pain while having a hard time catching the frisbee.
creates a large puddle of water and a high rush of water around him as he heads back and forth back and forth.
backs up slowly to cut the lawn.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frnt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
reaches the end, she slows down and goes through the washer and dryer area that is lined up before she pulls a spare tire off of the trunk of the car and puts the tire back on.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
are under water trying to reach the ball.
are in the pool again.
is scraped away and then covered with a paper.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
wipes the baby with the pad, then continues rinsing the sink.
sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
are shown as well as people celebrating and walking away.
are shown of people running around the land as well as running onto a field with their hands up.
then rides a bike down the hill and gets her hair dried.
removes the top seven screws of the can, lifts the lid, and takes a swig, exhales profusely.
then puts the can down, twists the cap off and pours the alcohol into a cup in front of him.
then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
then cleans off the entire wall paper, and then rips it too hard while the cat is looking.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, the lady continues her tasks and then walks outside to take her cat out.
still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
are shown with a game ending in screens and then paper going and people sitting around the table.
walks out while wearing a tutu in the parade while others walk on front.
soldier climbs the stairs of a house going to rifle shops.
is moving the car through traffic.
are shown doing some of the basketball drills.
watch on the sidelines as the young men on the court make some best strikes with sticks.
then fades to fade to a pitch black.
then puts her fingers onto the strings and with her other hand she touches and points on her fingers on the strings as well as taking the bow to her strings every now and then.
then points to the drumsticks as the camera-the woman stands up and runs into the camera and shows off the correct chords of the bow and also positions her hands on the strings in front of her.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
then paints a floor with buckets of paint and he uses several bucket
then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
proceeds to clean up the stained glass.
then grabs pink lip stick and takes the girl's lip stick.
scrubs her contacts using a brush.
wipes her lips with a napkin.
climbs all the way down and plays with climbing equipment.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
clamp a strap on the bike and let it sit around a dusty bike rack.
bike then drives away from the shop with the trailer attached to it.
goes through a ramp.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
then shovels the dirt around the trunk of a large tree.
pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
then finishes on a long horizontal cut.
, the camel stop, and a person carry guide in his hands, then they ride on its back and return.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
is eating every bit of food he got.
is skating in the rink and doing tricks sitting.
starts doing gymnastics and howlifting in a gym and in gym.
then uses scraper to polish the shoe while still speaking and cutting with sharp edges.
then play a game of rock paper scissors over the various obstacles and fails and ends with them all putting on their parachute and zipping up their tents.
are standing and watching him.
continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
start to play tennis as they attempt to catch the balls.
are a lot of people watching from the open loop stadium.
is blowing large amounts of smoke while on a set of drums and a guitar as some people watch her on a stage.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
lifts it up to her chest and holds it tightly.
they use a trashcan size object to cut up some of the grass.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
then snowboards down the mountain as people watch and applaud.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
throw it and another woman joins.
's a young man dressed in black who is sitting in a cart talking explaining about croquet.
is trotting on the horse across the field.
, the polo game is displayed.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
then see a man do a high jump at 5'9 ".
also see men on a track performing a high jump.
starts performing tai chi.
does a squat and drinks, then turns and walks from the room.
then fades to black.
starts running toward the ball, and it knocks him down on the ground.
run and a boy throws the basketball to the basket, then the second teen grabs the ball and pass the ball to two teens disputing to have the ball.
, three more boys run to practice the same steps.
practice on a gym floor, while three other boys practice in gym gym.
, a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
then springs down and onto the beam several times in slow motion.
with ear protection is shown playing and changing notes.
continues to explain what he will be doing as eventually the video stops and ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
then begins to clean the sidewalk with a rag.
stops going back to him playing.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
skis all around part of the water road while people distract him.
gets out of the boat and skis along the water.
continuously spits water all along the dog while the dog sits still.
is shown again in slow motion.
is then shown floating on a tube down a river.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
jumps, she walks off the platform and grabs a selfie stick from a side table.
, the man lifts a weight of 101 kg successfully.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
begins to use a fast sort of machine that moves swiftly and gracefully.
then hand down the final results of class.
runs and jumps across a mat.
works out and lifts a bar in the air with weights.
then picks the weight up over his head.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it against his shoulder.
sits in front of a bathroom mirror squishing water in her mouth, as if rinsing her mouth.
then opens a hand mirror and tubs a wet cloth, which she pours into her mouth and animates.
then fills the sponge and the boy rub them along his skin while the girl brushes it down.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
The end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
appears on screen with pictures of the horses inside and out.
uses his hands to eat the food.
keeps the child from spilling the food on the floor and helps feed him.
continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
weighs and puts it back down.
walks up and sits down next to him.
walks into the bathroom with her hair down.
walks around with a hard face while she talks about it.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are in, he starts to run and do his first throw.
, the man talks and playing guitar and talking while singing.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
is back on the board, he takes off running back down the board.
is connected to a diver causing the piercing to go through her head.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
watch the contestants perform.
are people enjoying themselves on a hammock.
talks to the camera for a little while, then walks towards the shower.
is a dog in a cart, other people are helping her as she gets ready to bath the dog in the water.
walks the dog out the front door.
's done washing, she wipes him dry with a towel.
baths the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
then sits down on the table and it's done.
is trying his best to keep to himself while getting bathed.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
grabs a green towel and wipe his face.
is finished, he begins cutting the knife in half.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
help plant the areas while moving around wheel barrows and planting plants while still speaking to the camera.
also reappears underwater in a large room.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water.
walks away from the ball and tries to hit it back.
serve the ball over to each other and they bowl over and around each other.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance, then he flips andlands in the gym next to other men.
then see numerous images of her with her hair cut off to shoulder length.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
walks away from the cat with a red cloth.
continues washing the cat with a pink industrial scrub machine.
is walking behind him and the first man is skateboarding and another man is skateboarding in front of him.
then continues to stare at the camera.
taps the ball against the wall.
walks onto the back of a man.
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
starts playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
lean forward then back and grab for the object again.
rolls off and turns around on itself in slow motion.
is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate.
have successfully moved their hands, they go back to their team drinking and exhaling while the crowd watches them.
lifts the side tire of the mower, and then rolls it onto the grass.
shows how to use her took cards to model the woman's nails.
holds up around a pile of discs mixed with sticks.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
jumps over the pole but does not get over it.
slides over a large rock and then slams into the Ice.
freezes and wets the fish.
's an assortment of ice cream and he eats it and grabs a small shovel.
, a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
vacuum up very quickly and presents the shoes.
are beverages in a rainbow colored bowl, while a person drizzles oil down from a sieve.
are getting ready to start a race.
begins and people run very fast.
However, if you divide the number of people who run very fast by the number of interviews they get during the race, then there will be a greater number of people who get interviewed during the race.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
then play a game of soccer with one another, running up and down the sandy field while coaches yell on the side and a goal is blocked.
begins to show several different clips from the show.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
is also seen sitting on a bench speaking to a woman who begins to pass the pitcher back and fourth.
are watching as he continues to play.
starts to struggle as he tries to get up, but they continue to soothe him with their hand movements.
continue playing together as they dance along.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
then throwing in the machine mix.
cut the little oval shaped stone to shape, then clean the stone before putting it back into its proper place.
are in a parallel gym where they are adjusting their equipment.
run, people are on the side of the road encouraging them with water on their tables, signs and clapping for them.
from the surfers, they empty the water from their bodies into a line before jumping in the water.
, a large green group of people on a dirt bike appears, cut, ready and they all are waiting for the talking with a ripple of dirt in the ground.
begins riding along the water on the board.
is using a clear bag to package them up.
then moves the bags out of the yard and mows the lawn.
cut a pinata, but it's slightly out of reach, too.
, she explains how to use the lawnmower and other tools and then she cuts the grass.
put the ladies on their shoulders and flip them into the air and spin then do arm wrestling as people run running up.
plays kickboxing with another who is too slow.
stops performing many tricks back and fourth.
wakes and pulls the sail back.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
push bulls around on each other while trampling them.
cleans the tire and scissored it, replacing areas where he thinks it's damaged.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiled in water held by a crank.
is stirred into the cups and greased onto separate bowls.
carried the pole on his back while running.
is pushed through by a silver cart carrying some lawn tools.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
rides the wave all the way to shore.
enters the pan and starts cooking.
is knelt down on the ice reeling in a fish.
are shown walking through a tunnel while the guide is standing beside them talking.
calculating how many steps to take to reach the top of a mountain can be difficult. If you know how to do it right, you can probably skip this step and go back to basics.
is shown with a count of repetitions shown.
are in a court in front of lightweight balls and making areas for putting the ball on the court.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
run around the court and run back to it.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
walk in and out of frame polishing different surfaces of the bathroom, brushing their nails, and making cracks.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
start running across the field again, trying to score.
is running on the field in a hopscotch game.
both stand up and go back to arm wrestling.
approaches while the mat is being rolled and jumps on the man to continue hitting.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is refereeing for their fight.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
scrubs down two surfboards and then wraps a towel around the top.
stand behind a counter in a kitchen.
sets down the knife and continues talking while demonstrating sharpening the knife.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
spits it out onto his hand.
, they walk to the camera holding flowers and the girl walks away.
is divided by 2.
uses a metal brush to wipe green off of the mat.
, the man stretch and exercises while standing on the parallel bars.
does saps on a back accordion.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
walks on stage with the violin.
is shown of the group playing together.
continues mopping the chair and throws it away.
dies down, a small piece of paper is shown.
proceeds to polish the boot.
then put the boat back on the road.
climb across the rope.
, he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is brushing the surface of a table and begins to comb with an electric shaver.
then takes the racket, pulls the handle again and returns to the previous position in front of him only this time he takes another hit.
made the ice fishing point with his pole, ice fishing rod, paddle and fishing gear.
is shown playing a drum set.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
are then caught and run home with their dogs.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is using a squeegee to wipe a shoe.
are running full speed down the track.
race down the hills, making fast jumps into the sand.
see a boy cut open and clean out a pumpkin.
wets the table with white water and wets the cloth again.
adds more wax to the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
waves to the camera, gives a peace sign, then drinks from a can.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
line up, then run, racing each other to the finish line.
walks all the way to the end where he jumps off and is seen again sitting on the street.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
then shows how to throw a ball to the goal.
then begins performing a cheering routine with one another.
continues to cheer in bursts while replayed in slow motion.
track the ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
are trying to clear the snow off the sidewalk.
just stands with the shovel, not sure what to do.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
warm-ups together with karate moves and kicks.
walks around with other people walking alongside it.
begins to walk and carry the women on it's back.
walks out of frame.
walks back in and the picture speeds up.
of different beach soccer teams taking shots at the goal.
then leaves it alone, while he continues talking and talking.
is done, he stands on top of a mound of new green fluff and begins throwing the fluff to the ground as he takes his smoke holder and lights it.
are at the watership, then they cables up into the system and rests.
are walking in the street watching the guy playing violin.
lifted the barbel up to his chest.
, he picks up a small white block and starts to sharpen and sand the knife making sure to be very gentle with it.
climbs on a horse and ropes a calf.
then hog ties the dog then walks back toward the pony.
is using a large tool called a thresher.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pulls a fish out of the hole and puts it on top of the ice.
picks up the fish in his hand.
ride around the sidewalk and push down at the bottom of the trash can while laughing to the camera.
skates down a set of stairs and off into the distance.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
climbs out of bed and shaves his legs.
is standing on an elliptical talking.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
is belly tied to a hook.
strums the chords he continually slows down and plays more guitars as he goes.
stops playing and begins drumming on the car while looking back at the camera.
jumps onto a set of double ramps.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
is getting ready to lift a heavy barbell.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
is showing how to use it to clean each bathroom using various methods including soap, water, shampoo, shampoo, a toothbrush, toothpaste, mouthwash, and soap.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
, she swings the bat at the pinata and she hits the candy out of there, then she takes the blindfold off and swings the bat again getting more candy out.
lifts the barbell continuously with one hand upwards placed on his shoulders.
then lifts the barbell over his head and tosses it onto the mat.
cleans the christmas tree, he picks up supplies, and makes sure the machine is running.
is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
appears and then starts moving, the drawings again.
talk about the repeat course for having a christmas party.
then lifts the weights over her head.
then grabs a white trash can and begins cleaning it with soap.
then holds the cone underwater and sucks all the melted ice cream out.
then walks out with the ball while speaking to the camera.
continues shooting hoops with the ball while speaking to the camera.
are shown on what appears to be a ski lift.
walks along a track with a helmet on.
lays down on its back while it sniffs information.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
does a back and forth process after sticking its tongue out.
put the tubing into the water, led by a boy.
are using a diversion to fish.
use the wet wipes to clean several rose petals off their shoes.
lay on a towel and dry them with the wet wipes.
then scrapes the blade over a rock and shows how to properly wrap it around his leg.
fishs and catches small fish as well as many other fish before getting tired.
competes in a long jump and receives his second point.
begin a race during a crowded track.
are walking by the table wearing white bumper cars.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
are then seen at various rafts rafting.
girls serve a sandwich, then, the two girl and one put sheet cake on the table.
are shown mixing the bowl in turn.
continue mixing and 4 glasses come together with a bowl of cookie dough.
place the baking sheet in an oven.
grab plates and dish wash and put them in the dishwasher and return to flipping the cards.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
grab a baking sheet and position it on the oven.
fails once and kicks the male's leg.
walk in and out of frame while he plays, pausing for a side view and others getting closer.
protect the man as he runs around the yard.
walks across the yard and opens the back door of the red riding lawnmower.
see the bath drill in action.
are shown the knife cutting tomatoes.
are standing next to the strong waves.
run down to the shore of the river to jump into the water.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake a car tire and use a tool to remove the plastic on the tire.
grabs the bread and slices it up and out then adding the rest of the bread.
rolls the dough around and makes a sandwich.
, she puts the packet in the oven and prepares a casserole dish.
removes the tube without cutting the dough.
are done baking, she places them in an airtight plastic container for storing for future consumption.
is prepares to perform a high dive off a stair stepper but it slides but slips.
then lifts himself up to grab the bar using both legs and then he jumps onto his arms and holds it for a little bit missing his feet.
, the woman takes out the container of the mower and puts the dead grass in a trash bag, then she puts back the container in the mower.
makes a sweat log, then he does the same, after the woman begins to mow around the yard area, the boy come on to help.
uses a tool to carve working bed down type of smile on a wooden board.
continue flipping around the gym while also stopping to speak to the camera.
walks to a cube and sometimes he stands up close to it and tries to solve the cube.
is injured but is shot and the bull attempts to eat him.
waved a red banner at him, but he avoided the bull.
tires the tire and then uses a tool to tighten the hole while continuing to speak to the camera.
is stacked up against a wall.
walks around the counter and begins placing the apples in the bowl.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
adds the lemons to the mug.
fills the mug with ice and pours liquid from a tube into the mug.
mixes the contents of the mug.
are fasted into the mug.
walks across the mowed lawn and sits on a bench.
takes out a spray bottle and continues to mow the lawn.
goes out of bounds.
serves the ball again.
goes out of bounds again.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
also starts stomping on the congas with his feet and the rhythmic beat he made on the congas.
is bouncing on the rope and then just falls onto the water.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
grabs some fish and gets in the water and puts it in a hole.
pull out a large fish and pose with it.
enter the town, when people went on ships to an area on the coast of typhoon.
are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
then completes the high jump successfully.
open white boxes and eats a candy.
dries her face on the towel.
, a group of young men are pictured playing indoor soccer.
are shown in a buzzing tour.
is holding a gate open.
then begin spar with one another chopping and punching.
sit and speak to the camera before showing more youtube videos.
are wrestling in punches and kicking in a ring of mats in front of judges.
are ina ring in a wrestling competition fighting while people is in stands screaming.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
dips the knife through the block then dropping it on top of it.
shows a routine put to reggae music.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
is complete they continue dancing with each other, and stop.
then spits it out on the floor in front of him.
receive water from a well.
give each other high fives.
shake hands and walks away.
pans the leaves over to another yard and catches him shoveling more and more leaves down.
is pushing tiles with a tool.
then throws the tiles down on top of the ceiling while continuing to work.
is having a concert and a mans sitting on the stage as the music plays, dancing and playing the guitar.
are carried off and people dance as they play along.
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is dispensed from a bottom drawer end glass.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reclines and drinks the water.
dips a rag into the pail and scrubs.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
is moved on the side of the room assisting in the testing process.
will flow into a small bowl inside the circle.
brings out shoe polishing supplies.
then pours the shoe polishing supplies and lubricates his shoe with the product.
writes on paper using sharpener.
walks by from behind and gets a quick peek then keeps walking.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
then moves around the ground doing swaying motions.
then kneels on the ground and talks to the camera.
then stands up and walks out the door while the boys continue to play ping pong while the referee speaks to the team.
then does some discus kickboxing.
then grab rocks and fish around in the ocean while people watch on the sides.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
keeps following a man painting tiles and nail them down.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
's quite amazing actually they have done it without being damaged beyond repair.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
then starts putting a contact into her eye.
pours liquid over her hair and pushes so hard it causes the pink head and the hair sticks then curls back in again.
irons the bottom layer of her hair that doesn't have rollers on there.
then jumps on top and begins running down the track.
quickly lights the pumpkin, then he jumps off holding the cat as he jumps through the air several times before coming to a stop.
picks an edge of a bar to stabilize himself when a wrestler slams into him.
falls down with two others cheering as he continues to jump on the track.
of slow replay of the jump plays and a scoreboard displays his score.
is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
are many plant life ending lungs needed to breathe, like a of green reeds.
are cars's tires and license plates laid out for inspection.
glide down a path from a line.
cheers for them once they finish.
is using her backpack and shadow to cross the street.
pushes a scrub into a bowl and rubs it all over various areas.
continue moving around one another performing various high kicks and punches to one another and ends with them jumping down and bowing.
is riding, he has rope.
bends down and lifts up one of the soapy people, then back down using a bar to lift the hose.
then begins cutting out sections of wood to create a fire.
then grabs another tool and begins sharpening the knife next to some sliced apples.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
then catches a fish on his line and pull it from the water.
pulls out a white fish and uses wire cutters to drill holes into it.
steps in and washes that bucket while still looking up and washing the bucket on his own and ends by speaking into a microphone.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
walks into a room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
then demonstrates the use of the small amounts of metal to play a song.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
pulls several flags one at a time and then es rolls them through the tube.
records himself on a snowy slope, then he starts skiing down lemkes.
also slides backwards, performing balanced flips, and then lands with his feet located on the padded floor, and goes over the horizontal pole on any and all.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
rises again and runs to the tree and jumps between the jump ropes and lands on a red border trampoline and does a flip.
uses a squeegee on the hood of his truck to clean off excess hubcap fluid.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
rubs the sponge in foam on the cars tires.
begin to stuff the truck with boxes of clothing, which are being thrown on to the ground before they start to wrestle the wrestlers with blankets and rope.
then see men playing lacrosse and scoring goals.
is repeated in slow motion in front of him in a cardio room filled with exercise equipment.
returns, but the jump is pointless, he still has practice, and he has never done it.
is extremely easy, but does not last.
are hitting a red ball back and forth.
, the person throws a bat on the ground and hits the pinata, then it flies through the air and land on the ground.
then lifts the weight over her head.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
is standing in a concentration beam while holding a gold stick, and then put the stick on his abs and start to demonstrate how to perform a balance beam exercise by lifting the bar and then skip forward and backward from back.
continues to talk and then walks back and fourth and demonstrates more mikan drills that involve using an electric drill to drill through a coconut in a board with a handle.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
sit by a building and watch friends skateboard.
does a trick and lands with one foot on the board.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
then lifts its right paw and scratches his right ear and then licks that paw.
then begins to take its front paws and starts rubbing it's face and ears and licking its front paws over and over.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
move around the hole and attempt to fish of a fish under there water.
shows another container of wet wipes.
picks up a high top pair and wipes it off with the same wet towel.
pans around and shows a woman moving around in a jump rope machine.
, the toddler covers the hole with snow.
is then seen again in slow motion running and walking back to the beginning.
then start talking about baseball.
talks to the camera.
then see people on paddling boats.
see a person score a point we then see the ending screen.
stops in front of a house and picks up an large piece of wood.
are full, they add on top of it a vegetable mix.
are done, both of the girls take a break and then finish their food and put it on the plate.
are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom.
demonstrates by demonstrating how to kneel on the floor then continue doing the workout.
begins to do it in repetition a few times before finishing up.
zooms in to show her any number of different notes.
on horses wait, then the man attached a camel to a grain cart.
is walking next to the camel.
are walking in the snow and they begin to drill into the ice ground with hand held red crank long drill.
're done fishing, they are now at a wood fire and the fish is cooking on the wood.
stops to shrug of her coat.
then pours the salad in another bottle and puts it on a plate next to her.
is talking the talk.
continues tossing the salad and mixing the dressing into it.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
behind her stirs a pot of salad dressing.
pours it through a straw into a glass and washes it down with a cup of soda water.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
, she takes a drink of vodka and pours it on the conch and presents it.
pours it into glass and adds down a third.
then demonstrates how to properly groom the dog while the host continues to speak and pet the dog.
sets it against a house.
cleans wine bottles with a cloth.
helps wet a roof using a piece of construction paper.
is then night time again.
switches sides quickly, continuing to play the instrument.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
walks towards the camera talking.
continue chopping wood at the camp site.
hold out bowls and pans in to one another and point to one another.
dips the weight in a glass of icy water and then down again.
speaks then he climbs on top of a tree with a woman.
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
then lifts himself up over the bar several times.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
then grabs a spare tire and continues grinding the tiny parts together.
, the woman has accidents while running and then she continues to jog.
shows her how to reach the finish line.
talks next to a food store, then the woman eat food on front of the food store.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
mops on the floor that between the refrigerator and another counter.
returns and mops on the counter.
walks away in the other direction as the girl begins her a piercing at the ear piercing.
then plays the saxophone and sings.
continues to take drags out of the cigarette while blowing smoke off into the distance.
fill their gear on sith an get ready to catch the fish.
then try and catch a seal, but it is too fish ridden for them to finally get one in their mouths.
then sit for a little while and wait to get caught.
cleans the fish scales.
use a polka dot brush to clean the scales.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
walk up and around the track as well as climbing up a sheer rock face.
then ties a rope around the fish and then around the sled and sending it into the water.
adjusts the cone for the child.
walks the child and a friend to the swimming pool.
proceeds to trim the woman's hair.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
now playing in arenas with horse bites.
ends with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
, he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
put up leaves in a yard and the man spreads them around.
pans over the raked up leaves while several others discuss their hard work.
spins and throws a ball.
line lines a fish up before going while the fish is reeling.
pauses and speaks to the camera.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
shows the team how to properly clean and lather their feet, washing them and rubbing them down.
's a door next to a pew behind him.
's a window behind them that has broken glass, so in the pews they stand together watching the man.
is another woman laughing with the other man.
pans right to show several people in the background who work in the shop.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
returns to talking to the crowd.
uses the machine for a fully loaded dishwasher.
then grab the ladder of the sink.
are seen running around the circle surrounding one another as well as dancing, throwing a man into the air and celebrating.
continues to play and then pauses to speak to the camera while also demonstrating how to properly play.
walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
tries to run away and walks in circles.
turns the instrument on and begins to play.
wipes it onto a towel.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
plays a song on his violin.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
uses trowels and strikes a tree.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
then the front part of the ice cream shop and end by offering the food to one another and the closing credits flashing.
do flips and tricks while jump roping.
stop hop roping and relax.
then firmly drops her hands to her side, brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves.
dips into a mat high in the air and a man comes over and supports her as she dismounts.
is done holding the position for a while the girl relaxes and then walks away.
walks down he lifts his arm up and brings it down to reveal to be broken and covered in blood.
, he goes to fast and ends up flipping over into a pile of snow.
throws it back in front of her and then continues smoking.
and a man dressed in white run together in the racetrack.
pass the ball to one another and passes the ball to the opposing team.
talks for a while and the camera shows the process of dustputting.
they are finished, he walks into the house to get done and check out the wood, he puts it on the floor and washes it and plants it in the yard.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
is spraying water from a hose into the air in front of him.
is then shown up close performing several routines including flips and handsprings as well as flipping and falling forward onto the mat.
is done, the man takes off so fast the lawn mower resumes mowing again before stopping and holding out his hand and ending the video.
shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
jumped in the pool but fell into the pool making a big splash.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
then create a skillet with a cooking oil and saute it to the sides.
walks back and upwards at 6'6'9 but then lands and returns to his feet.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
drop the weight to the ground.
meets in a field and then in a ring with other people.
al saddles is through a ramp and waves to the camera.
are shown taking a break in the river.
then uses an one inch razor to shave her legs.
has a damp towel and under her eyelash.
takes the soap clean out of the water as she's smiling to the camera.
jumps in the air and mounts the bar.
then uses a scraper while the tile is being pulled away by a crane.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
shows rustic, contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store.
continues talking in his store and shows the furniture recliner and parrot.
spits it into a bin and rinses his mouth in purple mouthwash.
switch to a west coast gatling gun show of soldiers loading guns.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
swings the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
is walking down the court and starts doing several martial arts moves.
is pulled out and she begins cutting a small piece of tinder.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
Intron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is standing in front of her, assists her with the help of her waist.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
further explains benefits of the workout with an elliptical.
continues to talk about the difference between using the exercise machine and using a friend.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
pans to a still shot shot of one girl and one is seen running down a bar and throws a shot shot put.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
uses his tools to rip off the excess paint, then runs his back up along the wall.
then jumps over the bar and is shown again in slow motion.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
is then shown to get more information on this topic.
then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge.
uses a bowl to clean off the cookies while speaking to the camera.
bowls the dough into balls and proceeds to hang them on the wall.
then does it again for one last time.
and take a break.
, the boat slows down and the woman and man fall on the rock surface.
, the toddler, grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog.
then rolls out the excess weight over his shoulder portion and let it hit the ground before jogging across the gym in a sprint.
then lifts the bell over his head while remaining standing and and walks away.
are shown of kids swimming and lie down afterwards while the boy keeps in time with everyone inside the pool.
continues to play back and fourth on their basketball around the court.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of a and its talking and playing the guitar.
are shown playing a game of tug of war.
keep running and scores another goal and celebrates while there s a repetition.
mix ingredients into a bowl with another girl's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards.
pour the mixture into a pan, put it in the oven, then shortly take it out some time after.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play and dogs fetch around the man.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
spit it out into a sink.
divide by 2.
carry on an arm wrestling match.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
grab a cup and turn the sink on.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a boy rollerblading.
loses his board and has to run after it.
are no trees, but there is a large green grassy area.
is cutting the grass with a yellow, reusable light green plastic tool.
uses the trimmer to cut around the grass as he trims.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
is taken off, the tires get stuck on parts of the car and starts to move.
is narrating the action.
is a bike parked next to the house.
uses the grout tool to plaster down and lays hits the plaster down as well as plaster out.
pushs the billiard stick through the dirt and speaks to the man.
pick up the boy in celebration.
falls out of the net and the game ends.
continues talking then pans away to a dinosaur.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
resumes playing the violin for laugh.
win continuously and the older sister then gets more practice and even stops playing.
sits in an inter tube at the top of a hill then rides down the slope laughing.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
squeezes through the tubes in the tunnel and then continue riding down the hill.
continues to play with another and ends by hitting a button on a device.
then leaps into the air performing jumps and tricks on the large stage before tossing his arms in the air and cheering to the audience.
see people start when the gate opens.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
runs back and fourth while doing his routine.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
bring yarn to knit and talk about it a little bit.
continue to play numerous game of field hockey.
cuts wrapping paper in strips, then wraps it neatly around a box.
puts icing on the top, then seals it.
speak to her and blow dry her hair while she talks that leads into her flipping the hair and giving a sign on the way.
, the third time the person belongs is picked up and dropped off then he moves to another area to play again.
talks into a microphone.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
put on the boots that appear next to the tree.
then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other's watch.
continues speaking failing into a microphone while holding a pose.
pans around people playing and a pile of dirt.
are dancing slowly to a song.
is then seen using the machine as well as adjusting the settings and continuing to run.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
then stands and begins running with the rope and one chases after him.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
put his cone on the carpet and lay down on the carpet.
is throwing something at the boy with ice cream.
are shown on the screen of a game.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
on horses run fast through the finish line, and then a derby takes place.
continues wiping the baby and letting him out with her tongue.
holds up a rubik's cube.
then jumps and swings with her legs.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
then has the girl sit down as she proceeds to braid her hair in long, thick pieces.
continue talking and putnam the kids are getting ready one by one to run to the goal.
walks to the court and score.
then wipes the face of the child with a towel.
gets onto an elliptical and starts sharpening it.
shows the sharpened knife that he will be sharpening.
has sharpened enough knives to make them bigger, he slides a smaller knife into a sharp one and starts sharpening it.
sharpens the knife on a minnie mouse and puts it back in the sharpener and keeps sharpening and speaking to the camera.
, the boys remove their equipment, apply shirts to the foot of a bench positioned between two walls.
performs batons in the air.
picks up a bottle of do flips.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
hops off the board into the street.
lifts the ball up into the air.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
see a man in a beard as he ref nes.
grabs and guides the device.
then begins playing the harmonica throughout the entire song and ends by adding a bow.
returns to his station.
speak to the camera.
transitions to various people training in gymnastics. Two women are interviewed on camera sequentially. The scene transitions to shots of the two women dancing in front of a crowd.
then wets a cloth and scrubs the toothbrush on it.
continues playing the harmonica and ends by laying down, laying in the bed with her eyes closed and resting her head on a pillow.
is in a rink skateboarding on a hill while another boy watches him.
are in a stadium to a sunblue basketball court.
is high fiving sesame street.
repeats this actions backwards with a height difference.
continues shaking the bar and ends by holding a pose in the end.
and checks the fishing line to see if he caught nay fish.
walks back to the hole to see if he caught nay fish.
fish out of the hole and attempts to catch some more.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
watch on the sidelines.
is then shown put down and the third man succeeds in the match.
gets on the bike and starts working out.
is talking to the camera while working out.
raises a blue barrel, sits down, grabs the barrel and begins to squeeze the stiff barrel hard and then lifts his hand casually up and down to flip the barrel, then lowers it like a discus and puts a lid on to keep the beer from getting out.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are several players holding tennis rackets using the tennis racket to return a serve from the other team.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
in white returns his serve and keeps it.
are walking in front of them.
approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it.
then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight.
then lifts the weight up and down and pushes the weight side to side.
accidentally cuts the green onion and several shots of the cutting board, knife and its spot is shown.
scoops up a chunk and controls it with his fingers, smiling.
then appears playing bongos with the others across the table.
cuts and skews a cotton ball.
see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together.
then put two bottles in a bag and tie it.
then jump in and begin swimming in the pool while one of the women jokes with the camera man.
