starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
stands and lifts the weight over her head.
walking go down the rapids, while the man in his helicopter almost falls and goes out of canoehood.
lifts his body above the height of a pole.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
painted a fence in front of the camera.
look in the cameraman's eye and smile.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
cuts the center stone in half and blow it on to make it bigger.
walks towards the camera.
scrapes the wood with a broom in the cutting tool used in sharpening the instrument.
then starts to get up from the chair and begins walking towards the camera.
explains how the frog secretes a poisonous fluid that can be extremely harmful.
shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play.
demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
stands up and grabs her purse, continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are finished, they jump up and down happily and walk off the stage, exhausted.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member cuts a piece of sunscreen.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.
she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.
chase a bird in the sky while others walk around.
shows some shaving cream on the boy who is scrubbing her brushes.
walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.
have his bow as he talk to the camera, he pulled it out to show how to put with its flex, tighten, and notch that was attached to his bow.
does this multiple times until a pale orange moon appears overhead.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
is slowly starting to look really really nice, once he is completely finished the yard looks great, nice and smooth.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a tool on a table.
see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
begin to wrap red bow around the plastic cups, put bows on the bottoms _start_various objects on the foam covers and belongings to the floor.
is knocked upside down, which causes the other teens to give each other high fives.
of teens is sailing down the river with others sailing in the background.
in grey sweater and black pants talks about the procedures on grooming dogs in life and techniques.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
is standing using a white blower to blow snow.
is mimicking the person lifting the weight.
starts at their butt rise, combing out the hair with a brush from a red.
, the person remove the wrapping paper to expose a shoe.
continued to discuss the topic of volleyball.
shows the using the sharpener on a piece of wood.
and woman dance around together on the stage.
shows the side view of a television set.
are shown of people riding up a mountain on skis while being pulled down by a rope.
march around a room wearing funny hats, hats, and shoes.
, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times.
, the gymnast put the star light on his hands and jumps high using strength.
, in the middle of a lake, is skiing.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
finishes playing and remains seated.
goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass.
finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
spins with his fishing pole in the air.
finally reaches the surface.
continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
pops, and a child in white attempts to hit the pinata, but fails.
zooms in on the pinata and then the girl.
finishes and walks off, leaving the violin lying on the ground.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
begins mixing the ingredients together.
spins around several times and throws the stick.
Peels the old clothing off the piece and replaces it with dry material.
shows how to iron a sock correctly.
quickly picks up and irons, flames dancing over the clothing.
starts hitting objects on an item.
strokes the cat's head.
sits back down on the chair.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
becomes more involved in the ballet, she does a final dismount to bring her elbows down and her upper body straight.
is shown several times and ends by showcasing her back to the both the camera and a final focus of her performance.
cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and slides out of the car.
again lifts the weight over his head.
gives her several tips and she continues creating darts.
zooms in on the foamy waters as well as the nearby cliffs and forest surrounding it.
is then shown clearly under a large wide wave.
stretches in front of it.
shows how to harness and strap your weight on properly and she moves away from the mounting as she reaches for her left knee.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
stands up from the chair and walks towards the stairs before finally leaving the room.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
down retracts from the knife and starts sharpening the knife back up again.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
holds up the bottle, then is shown using several different solutions that she lines up together on the counter.
perform his exhibition on the poles, he stand on his arms while his feet and legs are extended straight up in the air, he turns around, swirl, jumped and twist around then jumped on the mat, standing straight.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
turns his back towards the camera and continues talking to the camera adding more weight along with more weight on the end.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
then heat paint and paint more followed by smoke and zzing.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
swim in front of the camera.
see men wearing water fogs.
see a fin enter the camera.
walks into the camera frame.
sprays down all the surfaces and flips over to show the just cleaned sink.
camera pans to people watching the game.
pans to people watching the game. the camera pans between the playing couples.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is shorter than the men and has a shorter range.
kept one arm raised up and the surfer in front of him raise his left arm.
pictures are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole. more people
brushes and walks with the dog very close.
, the young man stops playing and pass on front a row of drummers.
trying to get the ball to go far past the basket and hit it back towards the basket while her coach continues teaching her.
is shown wearing skis as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.
is mopping a floor while blindfolded.
walks around the mopping area.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
is lifting a ball over his head to throw it at a birdie on a long wooden table in front of him.
continues bouncing the yellow haired ball back and forth while looking out over the court passing the ball to one of the players.
bounces again and hits the net multiple times.
is waxing a small black horse as rolls his croquet stick.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
is shown again multiple times.
are shown in distress and talking to the camera.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man then paints the knife with the discs.
fall, others are shown as well.
films the men drinking beers through a can and eat.
, people play soccer, ripping each other's hair.
in red shirt starts to swing on the line and tries hard to get it to catch something and pulls on the wire several times and hangs from it like an seal.
in three suits throws the fish down the lake onto the water while the other man at the lower depth touches the fish.
is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates, scoring.
gets up and walks towards the camera.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men pivot the canoe away from the bow paddlers while paddling fast the oars. After, the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance.
are snowboarding down a hill of snow.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
are holding on to ladders.
explains about techniques to correct your back and legs rotation on the course and game.
shows how to put a hole in a wall using a drill.
walked along a beach, talking with people, trying to court a ball.
fell on the ground, the man put the ball down, pull the ball and set it on the ground, he ball fell, but remain upright.
finishes and gets up.
resumes playing the violin.
is flying through the sky.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
zooms back out to show the well laid tires.
in the background release, spray paint, cloth, and long sleeves from a car cover.
engages in some form of mount.
falls as the wind lessens.
falls out of his back.
washes persons hands and wipes them with a blue cloth.
, it is shown from behind.
is shown and a young female is sucking on a cigarette.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
continues talking to the social media to find a rich husband in that world.
shows off how many he has in his coat and continues talking.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
are shown inside a case onto her nose, inside and outside.
fall down as they attempt to make the jump.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
departs from the camera frame, holding a spoon and shakes it in the air.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
continue to pull the string while the man beside him grabs a hook.
crawls out and the man catches it.
dive backward into the pool causing it to crest and swim to the edge of the pool.
jumps through the net and makes it all the way to the other side.
see a gym with teenagers shooting basketball.
see a yellow screen and title screen.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
lands on the road where construction workers are spraying it down, and a boy with sunglasses runs towards the skateboard like a robot.
, the boy slides on the street with his skateboard sticking in the air.
under the belly's cycle begins to milk the tube from the bottle that is in her stomach and pans over to the man piercing her belly button.
shows several different ways to clean a sink during a wash and is seen staring into the camera.
shows his face by grimacing due to the stiff air stream and looks in the mirror to change something for his face.
grabs fabric to dry the clothes and shows how they fit him comfortably.
in black puts a medal medal around his neck.
is shown from a shampoo advertisement one last time.
see jesse close up in the camera.
shows how to clean a window in a home.
see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air.
continues to run around with his frisbee.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
moves back and fourth doing several other tasks while looking to the camera.
flash across the screen along with a logo and a banner with foreign language written on it.
is sitting in front of a small sketched machine that is beginning to cook something and holds an egg over it that she adds onto the plate.
appear on the screen and they say " curt's theme comedy " enacted attached to a fedex limit tape.
reach the end of the yard, she looked around and started to turn around and walk back to the beginning.
reaches the end of the yard she jumps off the back of the truck, completes a triple jump on the wooden stairs of the backstop and springs back down and even does a 360 flip before jumping off again.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from falling down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
are shown inside a black gym swimming.
is scraped away and then covered with a paper.
bend and glide over scales.
wipes down the baby with the pad, then continues rinsing the sink.
sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
long jump are shown as well as several presentations give a brief description of the game and leads into people scoring goals and all laughing together.
are shown of the hosts speaking to one another and people hitting the ball and walking away.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
holds up the can with the hole facing upwards.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns and walks away from the camera while still smiling.
lays the wall paper down while she is still looking beautiful and then she is shown and she is getting into the shower being sprayed with a lemon.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
slides down, showing to the camera the seeping hole that the hole in the floor has made.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
wearing an orange jacket falls over from the fall, they help him up.
soldier climbs the stairs of a house going to rifle shops.
is talking to the camera anther different sidewalk in street.
show on the screen for a website about basketball drills. some young men on an indoor basketball court (A) kick a ball back and forth across the court.
watch on the sidelines as the young men on the court make some of the basketball drills. an older man (A) in a blue shirt watches him.
fades to black as two men with referees run into the classroom and he shows pictures of the men who are teaching them.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
finishes by playing a set of small drums with her hands.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
gently glides the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
necks the edge of the table to position the paint brush and brush on it.
wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
scrubs her contacts using a brush.
products her face again and shows us a photo.
rides all down the slide and the camera follows him walking around afterwards.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
leather is cleaned, then painted red.
is put together on the floor.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
continues to drum as several smaller screens appear as they show how to play.
picks up several bags of flowers on top of the flower bed.
pans around to show the others performing sort of for the camera, including one woman standing upright in front of a bush.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
begins painting while standing next to a large piece of wood and pausing to wipe the brush on the canvas.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
falls off his board as he performs several tricks.
leans away from the camera.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
start descending from the rock wall.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are shown waving to the runners as well as more shots of people running past characters and going through the finish line and celebrating.
are standing and watching him.
climbs along backwards on the rails and we see her jump straight off of the side of the chalk.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
continue running and receiving a high five from the coach before they go serve the ball.
is a picture shown on the image of bnp stadium giving an illustration.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
is seen playing together at some point while while several people are filming him.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man bend over backwards, and spin making b-shaped circles in the dust.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
pick up another tree back behind them.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam two times.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the boy riding around on the equipment as well as sit on the floor and play pool.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
finish wrapping and taping the ball.
's a young man dressed in black who is sitting in a cart talking explaining about croquet.
falls and is caught by the crowd.
, a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
see a crowd of people on aerobics class.
also see men on a track performing a high jump.
starts performing tai chi.
starts dancing for the camera.
fades to regular color.
starts running toward the ball, and it knocks him down on the ground.
take positions next to each other and prepare for a play, the teens jog around each other standing on the court and kicking the ball to each other in a gymnasium.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
play basketball with a kid while facing backwards.
, two men wearing playing clothes practice practicing basketball as spectators.
then begins moving back and fourth while the camera follows him.
is shown playing the saxophone in his home.
briefly shows off the violin and the different ways you can do it.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
ends with the closing credits shown across the screen.
takes a large knife and begins sharpening it.
skis all around part of the water road while people distract him.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
shows off her rag and blow dryer while the dog mops the area around her.
appears to its red and green color, which brings the man back on the field.
finishes the top left corner of the screen.
is dancing, doing flips, twists and tricks.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
continue to move their arms or legs around.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
finish on the bikes again.
smiles and goes in front of the camera.
walks over to the spectator for a closer view.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
is smiling while skiing down a hill, suddenly he stops and walks towards a house.
jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat.
bends down and works his way up with great effort, finally lifting the barbell over his head.
The woman stands in front of a mirror and rinses her mouth before pulling her face close to the mirror and looking at her teeth from a close up angle.
finishes and reaches for her mouth in the sink.
reaches behind his head and moves his back while smiling.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area.
appears on screen with pictures of the horses inside and out.
stands and walks towards the camera.
scratches his chin.
continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
walks up and sits down next to him.
introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are in, he starts to run and do his first throw.
, the man finish playing and leaves, then he leave with his face in between his hands.
continues dancing around and getting her eyes dirty.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
piercing drill is in her lip and she is getting a piercing.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
in swimsuits are walking on the tight rope on the beach.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is wet dog on a table next to her.
walks the dog out the front door.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
is redressed and groomed.
becomes enraged by the bath and runs towards the door.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
is on top of mountain looking down because is makes snow self uses soap too wash to get the cream off.
is finished, he begins cutting the knife in half.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
work around him in various angles and ends with their closing poses.
also reappears underwater in a large room.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water, as a boat pass on front the old man.
dives into the water.
are playing a really good game, one of the girl lands right on her stomach.
holds the weight bordering his sit position and runs on the distance.
see several women getting their hair cut with scissors.
is laying on a seat against two white tiles.
appears and wipes the cat's back with a red cloth.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is walking behind him and the first man is skateboarding and another man is skateboarding in front of him.
then continues to stare at the camera.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
climbs onto the back of a man.
paints a set of solo cups around with a rag while a dog watches on.
starts playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
lower their knives to the table and begin slicing each other.
zooms in on the fallen man while they all laugh together.
are text across the screen that say " hi, what's up, matt ".
have given each other a high five, they hold out the no off sign after each other's initial victory.
lifts the side tire of the mower, and then rolls it onto the grass.
sits in front of a rolling skin treatment table showing several facial treatment bystanders.
hold up around a pile of discs mixed with sticks.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
holds onto a rope as they ski down the mountain.
disappears into the hole in the ice and the man comes out to apply for his fishing gear.
are four men visible and they all begin to fish out of the ice pond.
one holds a fish over the hole and once he gets it down he swims towards the camera.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are in a tunnel together, with various floral designs shown in larger picture.
vacuum up very quickly and presents the shoes.
are taking pictures with their cell phones.
are being interviewed by groups.
begins with a cameraman.
begins to cheer him on while the viewers smile.
The credits of the clip are shown. People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass. a player
continue to run around under the stage and close up of a man speaking and shows people playing a game.
begins to show several different clips from the show.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
alternate health issues and hairstyle on the show, providing some very detailed advice on what's to come.
are seen speaking to the camera as well as running into the audience.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
continue playing together as they dance along.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
once the show up.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen, afterwards cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
finish, someone drops an item, along with their name, at the end of the video.
from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
, a young couple completes the marathon and a still image of them is shown at the end.
begins performing various tricks in the water while moving their arms and legs around.
raises it up to his face.
scrapes the leaves together and wraps them with tape.
swirls the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she adds a lot of shade of red and some yellow.
stop spinning and poles except for the right and right girl.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
lands on his feet after the tricks.
falls into the water and recovers.
hit hoops each other as they walk.
carry him away and show more clips of people bull fighting.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
stations are filled with limes and a plate of limes.
is added to the cup and more limes are squeezed in by hand.
jumped over the pole and landed on the red mat.
is pushed through by a silver cart carrying some lawn tools.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
is staring off into the distance looking sick as if he's hallucinating.
is standing under the pile of ice with some fish.
is knelt down on the ice reeling in a fish.
are seen sharing their stories and experience about their jogging expedition in the mountains and their participation in the marathon races.
picture, azog discus, with a fence bordering the screen.
while reading a newspaper.
are on opposing sides of the court holding rackets.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
hurls himself in the air and jumps over the raised pole backwards after which he lands on a thick red gym mat on the other side.
walk in and out of frame polishing different surfaces of the bathroom, brushing their nails, and making cracks.
rinsing their face, they both dry their face off with a towel that is hanging down from the door and come back to the camera to show pure faces.
walks up and pours some of the lemons into a bottle.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
start running across the field again, trying to score.
lifts his foot up to brush the shoe.
kneel back down and hold a pose.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
begin taking pictures into the camera while still holding the flag and ends with one runner stepping away from the crowd and running.
is refereeing for their fight.
sits down on the toilet, proud of himself.
stands in front of a weight bar and counts down.
right is holding a camera while walking in the air.
sets down the knife and continues talking while demonstrating sharpening the knife.
points and sits next to the knife down.
puts it back and puts it down.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is shown in the background.
lifts his face up to the camera and holds up a black mat.
, the man performs his routine on the parallel bars.
is seen looking to the camera and portraying a person's face in the mirror.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
up close shows two people playing.
then shovels some white powder all over the chair.
dies down, a small piece of paper is shown.
clips the laces tightly and then bottoms the shoe up.
then sail the boat across a river.
climb across the rope.
he begins to add and clip to the tire on his car.
is motorinterviewing a person on the white wooden flooring as the camera watches.
walked along the rocky beach and jump with the hands on his knees, jumped up in the air and also jump with the arms extended lost.
made the ice fishing point with his pole, ice fishing rod, paddle and fishing gear.
is shown playing a drum set.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is holding a frame of pictures.
are shown on cornatwo of racetrack high on sticks.
race down the hills, making fast jumps into the sand.
see a tv showing shots of water and country scenes.
finishes while business cards are laying on the table.
adds more wax to the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
is also shown riding around with a small yellow and white dog doing what appears to be a form of exercise.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
shows how to play the volleyball.
start performing cheer roping on a fake stage while many watch from the stands.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering to the camera.
track a ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
flip over and fall sitting in the snow.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
looks at her phone while the two women hold the camel down.
begins to walk and carry the women on it's back.
walks out of frame.
walks back in and the picture speeds up.
, aerial shots of the team's actions, and the players parking their cars.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
lower a hose into a cup.
are sitting on chairs watching the performance of the man.
shows the difference between a barbel and a telescope.
measuring and laying them out, various cuts of sharp wood appear on the table and he begins passing twigs to a file shelf along with fruit, carrots, apples, lemons, thyme, beautiful whipped cream to make jam.
climbs on a horse and ropes a calf.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on a piece of equipment.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pulls out a fish and hooks it in the hole.
pushes in the center fish.
stand around the camera looking around.
continues skating around on the skate boards.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
climbs out of bed and shaves his legs.
is seated in a room on a grey floor by a small round table covered with lumberjack stuffed toys.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
video is shown of the cold waters below. a fish (A) swims up to the bait and grabs it as the man reels it in.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
seems to have more than one set of notes after the move and is very worked up about his performance.
puts his arm behind his back.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
goes over a winter covered hill several times.
speaks to the camera by a vintage red car.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
explains the importance of a still to show a product of the same kind of grooming.
takes the portable shower to his backyard where he shows the different attachments of the shower.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
he flips her and holds up his hand.
lifts the barbell continuously with one hand upwards placed on his shoulders.
lifts the barbell over his head and drops it on the ground and hang there with one foot.
is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears with black letters below and we see a white screen with white words on it at the bottom of it and it says how to get it from the register with an online purchase screen.
screen appears with his logo on the left, and all of his detailed information for his shop and contact information on the right. the man and his workers.
lifts and then lowers herself over the bar several times.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
points all around him and starts hitting the object from various angles.
straight across the basket with a forward momentum.
are shown on what appears to be a ski lift.
walks along a track with a helmet on.
looks up at the camera and the camera holds its eye open.
looks into the camera.
stares blankly at it.
jump off of a bridge onto a large rock.
are seen sitting around a table putting water bottles into a jar together.
start wiping all over their feet.
lay on a towel and dry them with the wet wipes.
holds up a knife and continues to sharpen the blade.
fishs and catches small fish as well as many other fish before getting tired.
falls over and stands up.
run down the track and into the sand.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs at the camera at the end.
walk beside the boats, guiding them with their oars.
girls begin move the girl on the chair and then the one on the chair exercises along with her while she talks.
are shown mixing the bowl in turn.
experience a moment of weightlessness before relaxing into a comfortable routine on the sofa.
are shown once again in several more sitka footage.
flat ironed the baked sheets.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
sit with a plate of baked cookies between them.
competes karate with other boy while a person film him.
walk in and out of frame while he plays, pausing for a side view and others getting closer.
protect the man as he runs around the yard.
walks across the yard and opens the back door of the red riding lawnmower.
see a forearm showing and the word cutter under a black line.
see the shuttlecock in the image.
are standing by recording and watching him as he kayaks through.
run down city streets and past numerous buildings.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake the leaves by hand.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
sprinkles some sugar on a parchment paper and rolls the dough in it and covers it before keeping it in the refrigerator.
, she slides it onto a metal tray and glues it down onto a plate.
removes the tube without cutting the dough.
are finished, white letters indicate that they are a gift gift from ms who is helping and sending them to the shop along with other gift and supplies.
is skateboarding on a path in a secluded neighborhood at night and appears to be about to pass on his skateboard.
then lifts himself up to grab the bar using both legs and then he jumps onto his arms and holds it for a little bit missing his feet.
, the woman takes an umbrella to hold in case of rain.
stands watching the woman.
uses tools to spread cement on the snow.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
in a brown pine chair has his legs attached and other people in the studio are also attached to his legs having to walk on artificial legs.
on a red horse killed a bull and the bull ran after the matador.
waved a red banner at him, but he avoided the bull.
demonstrates how to properly piece together a bike and peddling the bike to show how it works.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
extends a hand and manipulates the ingredients.
One of the individuals extends a hand and manipulates the ingredients. the individual
finishes the top part of the basket.
finishes the top of the mug.
finishes the top of the mug.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
stands and walks back across the lawn.
is thrown far and the camera moves right.
in blue shorts serves again.
hits the rope and floats across the field.
, the players stand as spectators, while the girls run and swim.
also starts stomping on the congas with his feet and the rhythmic beat he made on the congas.
waves his arms for animation.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
starts fishing by fishing with his mouth, while the camera helps.
pull out a large fish and pose with it.
shoot a police shooting machine that walk past the camera.
are shown that include aiming, curling, and game of lacrosse.
are skateboarding down a slide.
does a flip in the air.
holds a pink tube that she lights up to smoke.
dries her face on the towel.
, a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
are lined up and the right side of the screen is flashing a green light and a red light comes on.
begins playing a saxophone.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
continue jumping along with others in the background.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
are standing next to them watching.
in blue stand in a middle and lift one of the women over their heads to the floor.
spits on the floor.
holds a knife sharpener and rubs the knife up and down the sharpener.
come onto the screen and transitioned into a group of girls in fencing gear preparing to compete in their fight against flaming beasts.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
stops the women stand up and begin to walk away while the man is still playing.
then spits it out on to the floor in front of him.
stand on front the crowd.
give each other high fives.
drop into a pile on the mat.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is pushing tiles with a tool.
is then seen in several clips hanging from a metal beam.
shows on stage, and a man is quickly playing a violin.
are carried off and people dance as they play along.
is measured and measured.
is dispensed from a bottom drawer end glass.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
are placed inside a circle so they won't burn themselves.
touch a doll's breast.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
bends and picks the knife sharpener up.
walks by from behind and gets an quick peek then keeps walking.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
finishes their routine and the instructor throws their sticks down in the sand.
turns around on the floor.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
jump and squats again the lays on the floor talking.
hold clips around a camp site all while holding trophy in the end followed by pictures of a trophy.
runs around while playing, dropping sticks.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
The camera moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
shows a little distance being taken for a redo and now it shows a young lady putting screws into an old base and putting glue.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
moves her hands around while holding onto the lens and leads into her demonstrating how to put one in your eye.
applies her hair directly to the nape of her neck to away from the rollers.
irons the edge of the rollers for her hair.
is seen riding down the track on a dirt bike.
quickly lights a torch to light the pumpkin, then he jumps off holding the cat as he jumps through the air several times before coming to a stop.
applauds for his run in australia at the olympic event.
falls down with two others cheering as he continues to jump on the track.
of scenes spread over the video because once again the man is shown jumping high and clearing the jump line with the result that he scored twice and successfully for a goal too.
is seen looking off into the distance followed by more adults getting ready.
are many plant life ending lungs needed to breathe, like a of green reeds.
is an advertisement for go green car cleaning.
glide down a path from a line.
stands and claps for them.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
washes his hands and turns to face the camera.
continuously demonstrate how to properly perform soccer moves while the camera captures them from many angles.
stands in the middle of the camel while walking at a rapid pace as she jumps and flips herself on the camel.
is showing the waters depths growing ever so gradually while cars pass by in front of.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
pans around to see people cutting and ends with a close up of a person smiling and continuing to cut.
cuts away pieces of the ice and tightens the hole.
pulls out a white fish and uses wire cutters to drill holes into it.
yells something to the camera while she continues to scrub the clothing down.
jumps up and begins performing a routine on the bars.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
uses the selfie stick to paint himself and a couple of other people around him.
shows himself in the snow skiing down the snowy slopes.
is shown kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
is getting ready to jump and this one is 6'2 feet high, he clears it, lands on the padded landing, gives himself a thumbs up and walks off.
rises again and runs to the tree and jumps between the jump ropes and lands on a red border trampoline and does a flip.
kneels next to his car and shows cleaning products.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
waxes down the door of the car with the product.
are shown flying kites while a man hands out pamphlets for the crowd.
see men playing darts in a gym as people watch.
occurred but only able to land on his head multiple times.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is extremely easy, but does not last.
are standing in front of him holding a leash.
, it is girls hit a pinata.
bends down and begins exercising using the weight bar.
run in the background behind the cart.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a fenced in vault area.
continues talking, exercises, and demonstrating how to properly properly do his all distance but 11 hour stay wakeboarding on a playground that is attached to a mobile tree.
is finished, he runs back to congratulate his balls and congratulate the others.
in sidewalk skateboarding around, doing tricks and making jumps.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
stops licking its right ear and just stares at the camera while the man is now licking its front paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
is done licking and gets up and moves on to the back of the chair laying down on it's back.
catch a large fish and pull it out of the hole.
shows another container of wet wipes.
tapes down the rear portion of the shoe.
captures him from several angles while he sharpens the knife with complete concentration.
, the child slope down the ice to get to the hole.
throws the pole off into the field while others on the side watch.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see the ending screen on a black background.
see a man break-dance in the middle of the table and people laugh afterwards.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are cooled, they are put into the oven and put onto a pan together.
are done, both of the girls take a break and then finish their food and put it on the plate.
push their backs against a cliff.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
Tosses the bar up in the air.
pans to show a group of children in a rough and tumble forest area.
wearing hats are helping the camel walk.
stands behind them relaxing.
explain a once again proper footdanced routine, on one knee.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
stops to shrug of her coat.
drops, paste, mayonnaise, lettuce and bread onto the lettuce and red tomato.
stands and claps her hands.
finishes and takes out her purse and pulls out a tissue.
is in lat salad dressing and speaking to the camera.
holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling.
shows each scale of the cocktail by adding different colored liquids.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
she grabs a cup and places it on her lap as she greats from the glass.
then adds a few drops of sugar.
finishes grabbing the dog and putting the dog in his coat.
falls below the surface of the water.
climbs a ladder and looks at a roof.
cuts tiles for a house to look clean.
shows the papers on the screen.
cuts his fingers and plays intensely as he plays on the harmonica.
falls onto the mat.
walks towards the camera talking.
kneel down holding up photos.
continue to push the ball around back and fourth while the camera focuses on one game.
picks up an additional burden of weight up and drops it on the other man.
films him with a pan in a living room while he speaks.
is then seen spinning around multiple times while a crowd watches on.
throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
is shown trying to model the seat with a different size of handle.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
shows her how to reach the finish line.
collects people in a room.
are shown speaking to the camera and others riding bulls around one another.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
moves around the counter the floor sweep the points near the stove.
mops the center of the kitchen floor.
continues talking as she plays the harmonica.
puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced.
walls the room with smoke while moving his hands and speaking.
are swimming in the frozen lake.
fish up a large red hole while wearing protective tape over their mouths.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
cleans the fish scales.
cut up some malachite, which they trims up and likes.
drop the pieces into a garbage can and we see the end title screen.
walk up and around the track as well as climbing up a sheer rock face.
can be seen swimming around and smiling to the camera.
adjusts the cone for the child.
walks the child and a friend to the swimming pool.
rubs the hair dryer on her hair.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
turns back to the horse standing in the warm weather and he is commentating on what he's doing.
, the owner of the surfing is talking to the reporters about the event while demonstrating the swim jump technique he has learned from serving on numerous sporting events.
play and rotate between the two of them.
ends with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
of scuba diving he talks and the forseti on the screen shows his location as the man takes time out sitting in a boat.
runs around a large rock with the fish one by one.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
zooms in on the cameraman and people hug and drive away.
finishes the top left corner of the screen.
stands in the water, reels in the line, and lines up.
points at the camera and smiles.
pulls the fish out of the hole.
shows the team how to properly clean and lather their feet, washing them and rubbing them down.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's a window behind them that has broken glass, so in the pews they stand together watching the man.
are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play.
pans right to show several people in the background who work in the shop.
continues to explain the various positions of the climbing tube as well as shooting it up high in the air.
finishes his match and runs a towel over his face.
pretends to scour the windows.
while washing his hands.
are seen running around the circle surrounding one another as well as dancing, throwing a man into the air and celebrating.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
lifts his t-shirt above his head then he shows his elbow.
tries to run away and walks in circles.
examines the instrument in his hand.
brushes the instrument's red owner.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
window leaves.
raise their mouths and raise their mouths to the camera with their own mouths.
jump on top and harness up.
finish and hug each other before walking off.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
dips into a mat high in the air and a man comes over and supports her as she dismounts.
finishes, the girl moves closer to the camera on her knees while holding a cylindrical object, and then straightens her legs out and stops her bow.
skiis, a small mountain gorilla appears.
, his story is aired and he hands off to the camera and another reporter reporters appear in the car while viewers show them all.
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
wearing a black jacket lines up at the center of a sea filled crowd in the starting line waiting for the starting line.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
returns to face the camera and the man i just talked to begins doing some woman talk about gardening.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
is then shown up close performing several routines including flips and handsprings as well as flipping and falling forward onto the mat.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
shows off them on a cocktail napkin.
is impressed siting by the pool and have her hands on her face.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
hold salad tongs and continues serving and mixing all the way to the end.
walks out of the helmet and we see his face again.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
wraps an arm around a boy who looks like he is in pain.
drop the weight to the ground.
gesture at the camera.
are shown in their raft as they sail along the river.
cut through deep ramps into rapids.
starts from bottom to top of the leg and continues that motion.
looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
is shown peeling it off as she lets out a moan and holding it up.
jumps in the air and mounts the bar.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
shows examples that include carpet fibers, glue, fans and aluminum.
shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
spits out the mouthwash on to a paper napkin.
see a closing screen.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
grabs a bag and kneels on the floor pointing to two pieces of wood.
in the stands shuffle to the front of the court and stands over him.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
finishes the top of the shaker and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
with a green forest is in front of fruit tree and a man is standing in a fence.
is standing in front of her, assists her with the help of her waist.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
appears, lying down on the elliptical and explains how the switch works and in the end ends with the key being shown dropped on the screen.
continues to show the viewers the correct way to exercising on the elliptical.
appears again and the video is shown again.
zooms in on the girls water polo and the girl speaking gets toward them and throws the ball.
finishes the top of the wall with yellow paper then cuts it with his ker tool.
then brings the canvas a closer look.
then throws a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
says " hi martin ", along with " exclusive! ".
shows large red bumps over the kale, which is some lettuce and lettuce, it has several plastic cleansers in it, and there is gum over there on the counter, and then it goes back to the video for another animation.
informed of the difference difference is shown and it featured several clips of shopping lists on sitcom hosts.
The person pushes the mower along the edge of the grass and throughout the rest of the grass. the man
camera pans out of chocolate chip cookies and milk and leads into a woman speaking. the woman A) cookies then shows off the cookies in the oven and shows off the camera.
slices the dough down the middle, then separates the pieces evenly, laying out the claymaking product.
flashes out of the screen.
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, the boat slows down and the woman and man fall on the rock surface.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
smiles as he lowers the weight down by putting his hands on the bar to steady himself.
then lifts the bell over his head while remaining standing and and walks away.
are shown of kids swimming and leads into a girl grabbing objects under water and swimming with another.
continues to play back and fourth on their basketball around the court.
is shown with a curling brush.
is talking to the camera making mouthpiece and taking the elliptical.
show up performing stunts.
start doing front is to the goal taking hits in the game.
girl holds out food to the camera while several others go outside.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores a point across the screen.
lifts the weights, drops it and then jumps in joy that he has lifted the weight, drops his belt and walks off.
wave at spectators, front and back.
bend down and clean large puddles from the floor.
rub their faces together.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
grab makeup brushes and hold them up.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see the kids riding down the street from a skater pov.
falls across the other seat.
's a lawn trimmer lying on the ground near some over grown patches of grass.
is cutting the grass with a yellow, reusable light green plastic tool.
uses the trimmer to cut around the grass as he trims.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
cover is lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
is lifts a heavy laundry basket to his chest and lobs it to a pile of leaves on do fwalk.
is a camera filming the little boy.
shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him laying it down.
picks up the ball briefly.
pick up the boy in celebration.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
begins singing while playing the violins as the girl behind her starts to dance.
showing with the second attempt to hold the bow and with the second arrow.
show their leave after the sister speaks to the younger sister.
falls off of the hand and downhill.
rides along the top of the snowy mountains on a tube out of site of others.
concentrates on tight intertubes and the bridge above their heads.
continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots.
celebrates with other people and his same jump is shown several times in slow motion.
see an image of a man on a machine.
continues singing as she pulls the violin across as she plays, and her face appears showing awe at the sight of the instrument.
jumps up exuberantly, celebrating as the crowd cheers.
also motion out towards the audience and a little girl runs by out of the camera frame.
, you see them on the field playing a game and later talking a little bit about it.
walk between a row of trees towards a long line of machines.
stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
begins hand drying her hair.
tapes the box, then lays it down gently on the table.
critique her and she runs away happy and skipping out of the building.
consulting with the referee and seeking help, the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
start decorating the christmas tree by grabbing the lights and taping them around the christmas tree.
returns and sprays his hair to complete the haircut.
sits down near a table while speaking into the camera.
pans back to an open road and more holes and fallen leaves laying on the ground.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continues when many close up do short stunts on hole slides in the street while the camera captures them from several angles.
is shown several times jumping with people measuring his jump afterwards and raking the sand.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
jumps over and around four bars in the air while jumping far back over the remaining bars and landing on his butt.
put his cone on the carpet and lay down on the carpet.
is shown eating ice cream.
are shown on the screen at the end.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
walk through the marathon, taking pictures, congratulating each other after completing.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
bends down and picks up a large weight.
gives the young girl a high five.
is shown of a baby juxtaposed beside a little girl.
finishes speaking and puts a yellow tarp over the baby.
helps a young woman get off the ball and he congratulate her.
jump in the air and is carried to the court.
is now seen staring into the camera and the lady who did the washing continues laughing when the kids continue to wash their hands.
shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening, he is shown laying on the floor and smiling.
sharpens the knife on a minnie mouse and puts it back in the sharpener and keeps sharpening and speaking to the camera.
, the boys remove their equipment, apply shirts to the foot of a bench positioned between two walls.
goes back and forth on the floor.
shows a bottle in her hand.
sprays something onto her face.
have an animated conversation where only the boy and the walkie talkies are in his use.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
lifts a ball up into the air.
falls on a mat.
see the closing screen.
shows the screen on the machine.
then begins playing the instrument while moving his hands up and down over the strings, looking up at the camera and continuing playing.
appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
run around on the field.
transitions to various people training in gymnastics. Two women are interviewed on camera sequentially.
undoes the top button of his pants and looks confused.
finishes playing the harmonica and ends by laying down, laying in the bed with her eyes closed and resting her head on a pillow.
is holding the ladder to lift large object from the floor of the skate slide.
are doing canoeing in the clear lake and are closing the distance.
is falling river and is waving to the camera.
lifts himself backwards and the camera zooms in on his back while the other follows him.
continues lifting the weights over his head walking backwards.
finishes the top of the hole with the rod.
walks back to the hole to see if he caught anything but his hooks were nowhere near the hole.
pulls a red needle out of the hole and begins going back in to try again trying and pulling some more fish out.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
watch on the sidelines.
holds the other man's other arm while the competitors continue fighting around each other.
starts working out on the belt.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
, appears on the screen and then the legend appears again, speaking to a woman in a bedroom and the world begins to ends.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are occasional camera flashes as the man in black is keeping score.
begins taking about more about the tennis serve and how to play effectively.
in gray tries more of the serve and fails every time.
are standing in front of the table watching.
The man stands indoors, on a platform, in front of three onlookers, and lifts a heavily weighted bar bell.
lifts the weight bar suspended in the air on the platform and turns towards the onlookers.
looks behind him where a person is standing and then almost yells " urgh! " people look in front of them, shocked.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
happily watches his ice cream being prepared.
shows a tiny blue chip for grabbing.
cuts a seam in a red box.
see the box in person from a distance.
If you want to know how to remove this template, please click here.
hold up shots and begin shooting at a pinata.
