is ripping level tiles off.
pulls the barbell forward.
sit in a canoe while the man paddles.
lifts his body above the height of a pole.
continues to lift his body over the pole.
is dancing on the mat.
rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.
push a child in a speedboat in the water.
opens a can of oil put oil on the knife, and puts oil on a knife and press it through a can filled with oil then cuts several pieces from the sandwiches.
grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.
walks towards the camera.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
watching the boy and boy as they play a game of drums.
dips the ball and walks back with the boy and pours detergent into a cup again.
pauses in the process of eating to enjoy her food.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
dance together with flip up their sleeves.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then continues cutting his onion.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member floats in a river.
goes to the bathroom and isn't able to get very far.
are shown as she continues to dance around on the hardwood and every move makes a lash on her face.
, she takes some spray and it makes her skin extremely oily and she continues to talk until the video is over.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
gets some food out of the fridge and they continue playing together.
crawls to the door.
eventually throw the arrow, but it flew into the gravel is near the targets.
walks off the porch and goes back inside.
runs loose and feeds on his movements.
gets mowed quicker by the dog.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a newspaper story.
see a closing title screen.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
take a flute together and then begin to play the harmonica using it to play the tune.
tries to rise but dikes instead.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.
is presenting cookies to the room with a loaf of bread.
, the child takes out the fork the other child takes out the spoon and eats the ice cream.
tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.
is talking to one of the men in the middle of the gym.
installs and interacts with a sleeping pet before moving away.
, the person grabs polish paste and water to polish the shoe.
started dancing, swirling, shaking their hips, rotating, their arms and hands are moving from side to side, in front.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
dance on the ropes attached to the stage.
plays the hip hop and dance moves with the band.
are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
walk along a road, using bicycles and bagpipes.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast cross the pommel horse with the long rope while performing handsprings.
, in the middle of a lake, is skiing.
demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity.
taps a horn intermittently as the camera pans right.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
finishes playing and remains seated.
puts water on a hose and begins cleaning the windows.
continues to work by scrubbing the windows and then by pouring water out.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
more fish and throws them to the side.
walks out of the bathroom laughing to the cameraman.
pops out of the playground.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
continues playing the violin and beginning to intermittently move the sticks up and down.
cooks up a meal and each are shown eating inside the pot.
adds flour to a baking pan.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
wets the garment and scrubs it with a cloth.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
scrubs the clothing with her hands.
sits down on the chair.
strokes the cat's head.
sits back down on the chair
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
is still serving the baton, she places the extension on her left hand and does a full 180 degree spin in one flip.
is a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off the floor to finish her performance.
wet his car and wipes it down.
see the old man's garage and what looks like a boat in the water.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
moves across the water and several people on boats and jet-skis are moving in the water near a large wave.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water.
stretches in front of it.
then puts lotion in both of her hands and rubs them along your knees while the instructor washes them.
continues sliding the blade over the appliance.
pokes the vacuum nozzle in the top seam of the vacuum cleaner and adds fuel to it while still keeping the vacuum nozzle up.
jumps up and throws something into the container shaped like a snowboard.
removes the rubber band off of the knife and gets it across the blade.
grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance.
turns the knife to sharpen the other side and then wipe it with paper towel.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
kneels down on a mat while holds up an aerosol can.
placed his feet on the pole and then hold it, then jumped from the pole on the poles stop and put his hands on his knees, bend down, and begin swinging on the pole.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
walks back up and drops the weights back down.
gets in front of them tugging and pushing the man.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
jump and skydive into the water at various speeds, tossing each other around.
engage in a game of water polo.
see a sea turtle in a grey body bag.
see the man turn off the camera.
walks into the camera frame.
moves to one side of the sink and slowly replaces the tile while also speaking to the camera.
group of players are shown riding horses by goalie during a competition without nets strapped around them.
pans between the playing couples.
pick up sticks and start the match, alternating back and forth.
grabs them and whips them apart.
is a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up.
does not have to go as far as he needed to to go as he is ready to go.
sit by the holes and continue to pull out fish.
jumps up and down grabbing her socks rubbing on the dog from time to time.
, the young man stops playing and pass on front a row of drummers.
walk across the court with the ball and keeps walking then pulling the girls to the other side of the court and the girls begin playing volleyball rhythmically rolling on the floor as the coach helps them follow how to properly do things.
is mopping the floor with a mop.
walks behind him and sets the mop down.
walks around the mopping area.
mops through the room in between the people.
is lifting a ball over his head to throw it at a birdie on a long wooden table in front of him.
bounces it and does several different things to hit it.
bounces again and hits the net multiple times.
is on a slack line and is pushed down it.
is now seen riding beside the cyclist and taking pictures as well.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
is crawling across a finish line while other runners are running through the finish line.
arrive from various countries.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man measures the sharpener and cut the discs on its knife, then sews the discs and carve them.
continue to blow a young boy walks into the scene clearing the path with his leaf blower.
talks on front a microphone and people continue singing and showing beer.
, people play soccer, ripping each other's hair.
pulls the pole and wire up higher and the man kneeling on the ice pulls the fish out of the ice water and puts it onto the ice.
is then kneeling on the ice and the men fly up and fly as far as possible.
is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates, scoring.
then wipes his face.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men throw the canoe into the water, while one of them holds the paddle with his right hand.
are sitting in buckets on a blanket on the hill.
are pouring snowballs into tubes as they go down the hill.
are holding on to ladders.
explains about techniques to correct your back and legs rotation on the course and game.
once again changes course and takes a break before continuing to talk to the camera.
played tennis ball with another person.
serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back.
kicks his shoe off while dancing.
stops playing and drops the violin.
is strumming an electric guitar.
plays a painting on front a chair.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
zooms in to the driver side wheel and mimics it.
spray water on the car to wash the soap off.
engages in some form of mount.
moves away as the man is pushed back up by the water.
rinses his face with water from the body of water.
washes persons hands and wipes them with a blue cloth.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown on the screen leads into a woman putting makeup on herself.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
sits down to continue talking to the woman.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
stops playing the violin and starts to sit up.
is giving a tattoo to a man on a bed.
are shown inside a case onto her nose, inside and outside.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
him the ice cream cone as the child claps.
inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
don't have any cars but people are riding bikes or skateboarding.
walks past teens riding bmx bikes.
are on the side of the tracks.
continue to pull the string while the man beside him grabs a hook.
flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up.
continue playing with one another in the water and join stand by to watch the game.
person wins the game knocking the other one into the water.
see a title and the man appears, shirtless.
see the ending title card on black.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
is riding on the road on its belly.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
holds up a bottle of fluid and puts it on an iv.
is demonstrating using two hoses to wash the clothes as he will talk to the camera.
addeds more soap using two different bottles to the sink.
grabs fabric to dry the clothes and shows how they fit him comfortably.
walks a mower across very tall growing grass.
runs and catches frisbee.
see a violinist doing a piano clip.
throws the frisbee and a dog catches it.
see a fish landing into the water.
continues to run around with his frisbee.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
moves back and fourth doing several other tasks while looking to the camera.
flash across the screen along with a logo and a banner with foreign language written on it.
is sitting in front of a small sketched machine that is beginning to cook something and holds an egg over it that she adds onto the plate.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
loses and has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
are under water trying to reach the ball.
swim their way up and get out of the pool while some other swimmers are still inside the pool.
is scraped away and then covered with a paper.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
wipes down the baby with the pad, then continues rinsing the sink.
sled walking in a city square, between other people followed by all running around.
long jump are shown as well as several presentations give a brief description of the game and leads into people scoring goals and all laughing together.
are shown of the hosts speaking to one another and people hitting the ball and walking away.
then rides a bike down the hill and gets her hair dried.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
drinks the contents of the beer can from the hole after opening the top.
then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
then takes a pair of scissors and cut the wall paper and shreds it with a tool to shape it and then slips it onto the floor.
artist is using a tool over and over to shape the board that was sitting in the corner before again taking the leaflets and creating a new sheet of paper, this time incorporating another white sheet.
after, the lady continues her tasks and then walks outside to take her cat out.
slides down, showing to the camera the seeping hole that the hole in the floor has made.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
walks out while wearing a tutu in the parade while others walk on front.
soldier climbs the stairs of a house going to rifle shops.
is moving the car through traffic.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
does roanoke court drills with the young man before him.
begins to show the boys how to play with racquets and a camera.
then puts her fingers onto the strings and with her other hand she touches and points on her fingers on the strings as well as taking the bow to her strings every now and then.
talks throughout the entire video as she's demonstrating her movements or pointing towards her finger motions.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
gently glides the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
necks the edge of the table to position the paint brush and brush on it.
wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
scrubs her contacts using a brush.
wipes her face with her hands while smiling.
climbs all the way down and plays with climbing equipment.
, he comes back during the segments to show how he uses techniques in certain jumps and the correct way to do it.
clamp a strap on the bike and let it sit around a dusty bike rack.
bike then drives away from the shop with the trailer attached to it.
is put together on the floor.
beats the cymbals and drums very fast.
continues, making faces as he goes.
demonstrates how to mulch, picking up the material and showing how to pack it around plants.
pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel stops and the woman gets down from the camel.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is skatingboarding in the street and in the building, and in streets and sitting in buses.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
laughs and turns around.
is skating in the rink and doing tricks sitting.
starts doing gymnastics and howlifting in a gym and in gym.
then holds up the shoe and starts waxing it with a shoe shaver.
then play a game of rock paper scissors over the various obstacles and fails and ends with them all putting on their parachute and zipping up their tents.
are standing and watching him.
continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
continue running and receiving a high five from the coach before they go serve the ball.
's a player in a blue and white uniform shooting the ball for a point and scoring a goal.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
dances as she plays the instrument along with five other dancers.
stay on the stage with the violinist and dance in a salsa style.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
lifts it up to her chest and holds it tightly.
they slice it together and tie it around their hands.
pick up another tree back behind them.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam two times.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the athletes performing tricks in various stretches as well as throwing a ball off into the distance.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
spread it and curl it up on a rug.
's a young man dressed in black who is sitting in a cart talking explaining about croquet.
is trotting on the horse across the field.
, the polo teams gather in the field preparing themselves.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
see a crowd of people on aerobics class.
see men on a track performing a high jump.
starts performing tai chi.
demonstrates tai chi in a seated position.
then fades to regular color.
is making strides in the game.
kick the balls at the basket.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
play basketball with a kid while facing backwards.
, two men wearing playing clothes practice practicing basketball as spectators.
then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
is shown playing the saxophone in his home.
briefly shows off the violin and the different ways you can do it.
then begins to clean the sidewalk with a rag.
transitions into him laying in bed as he plays.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
holds on tight as he is pulled through the water.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
continuously spits water all along the dog while the dog sits still.
ends and he claps his hands over his mouth.
flies off a bridge.
jumps in a rhythmic manner without stopping on the hardwood floor surface.
jumps, she walks off the platform and grabs a selfie stick from a side table.
, the man lifts a weight of 101 kg successfully.
performs rte with colorful banners.
continue to move their arms or legs around.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
then display the results of the spin class.
runs performing a long jump in a arena.
walks over to the spectator for a closer view.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it against his shoulder.
holds up a black clear bottle in front of the mirror and announces that she will spray her views with an electric toothbrush.
moves her fingers towards her mouth and stops.
then fills the sponge and the boy rub them along his skin while the girl brushes it down.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
the barn they take their helmets off and they throw them down and take off riding the horses through the snow.
appears on screen with pictures of the horses inside and out.
uses his hands to eat the food.
hands the child something from a purse.
continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
lifts it over his head and drops it onto the sand.
walks up and sits down next to him.
sits on a behind wood chair with her legs curled up underneath her.
applies a moisturizer to her face while dancing around.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are in his bags, he secures it with his straps and begins jumping up and down.
, the man continues playing both the guitar and the harmonica, then sing.
continues dancing around and getting her eyes dirty.
is back on the board, he takes off running back down the board.
is connected to a diver causing the piercing to go through her head.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
watch the contestants perform.
's a boy on the end of the rope getting attached to a higher rope.
talks to the camera for a little while, then walks towards the shower.
is a dog in a cart, other people are helping her as she gets ready to bath the dog in the water.
walks the dog out the front door.
's done washing, she wipes him dry with a towel.
bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
is all dirty when he is done.
is trying his best to keep to himself while getting bathed.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
grabs a green towel and wipe his face.
is finished, the object in question is a cylinder.
is singing to the camera of a big metal piece.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
work around him in various angles and ends with their closing poses.
also reappears underwater in a large room.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water, as a boat pass on front the old man.
dives into the water.
serve the ball over to each other and they bowl over and around each other.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance.
see several women getting their hair cut with scissors.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
is gently taking the dog's hair.
continues washing the cat with a pink industrial scrub machine.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
pushes another ice cream cone into her mouth.
taps the ball against the wall.
climbs onto the back of a man.
throws a ball over a lawn into a cup.
starts playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
lower their knives to the table and begin slicing each other.
rolls off and turns around on itself in slow motion.
is a microphone that is continually playing on the right side of the table while two of the contestants are able to hold their fingers close to each other.
get to the middle they begin to fold violently and together.
is turning on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
wipes her face down with substances and lotions.
is sitting on a mat, he is working out then stands up to run.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
jumps and does several tricks over the pole, trying to do better than the other people who did it.
slides over a large rock and then slams into the ice.
freezes and wets the fish.
's a scoop of ice cream and he eats it and grabs a small shovel.
, a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of of his line.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
walk into a store and clean the shoes of a man who was cleaning them the night of the fire.
talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear
is food being eaten at the event by many.
are shown carrying food and drinks some on a leash.
begins and people run very fast.
stands up and nods before being interviewed again.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
continue riding around on skateboards as well as following behind one another as well as people speaking to the camera.
shows off a series of leads on how he becomes a professional wrestler.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
seems to know the routines as he talks about the ropes that he uses.
are watching as he continues to play.
is playing a longer harmonica while the others are playing a smaller harmonica.
continue to play the big harmonica that is powered by 4 wires attached to it.
moves around the crushed grass on his lawn mower.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
then throwing in the machine mix.
cut a little oval shaped stone to shape, then clean the stone before putting it back into its proper place.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
run, they pass two teams of players who have long lines and a large number of spectators watching or cheering them on.
from numerous small kids, there is another man on the street while some other people still sport marmalade from their garbage.
, there is a blue screen with the caption lsuongs) walking the outside of a building and men holding bumper cars.
rides around on the board a lot hitting water balls and laughing with one another.
stands up and goes back to raking.
scrapes the leaves together and wraps them with tape.
cuts the grass fully and uses a tool to pierce the various holes.
she takes her blades and cuts up some of the grass that she sliced.
stop spinning and poles except for the right and right girl.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
continues to do the splits as he sports his body from various angles.
falls into the water and recovers.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
push bulls around on each other while trampling them.
shows the different tools he needs to replace the chain.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiled in water held by a crank.
is stirred into the cups and greased onto separate bowls.
jumped and got he pole.
is pushed through by a silver cart carrying some lawn tools.
stands and walks to the corner, threw money at the player who scores and the video starts again.
rides the wave all the way to shore.
enters the pan and starts cooking.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are seen sharing their stories and experience about their jogging expedition in the mountains and their participation in the marathon races.
images of pyramids in egypt are shown and then the video exposes the pyramids returning to the pyramids and returning back to the objects and pyramids they were a part of while the credits roll.
and hits a stride.
are practicing basket moves.
are skating during he night time.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
lets go of the bar and vaults into the air, holding securely on to its bar, releases the bar and serves it in an elaborate round of tangled, shimmy.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
violently cleans the bowls using a towel, followed by water coloring them.
squeezes juice from the lemons and adds sugar and water.
start running across the field again, trying to score.
kicks the ball into the goal.
kneel back down and hold a pose.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is practicing wrestling in a gym.
sits down on the toilet, proud of himself.
scrubs down two surfboards and then wraps a towel around the top.
breasts is standing in a room talking.
slides the knife on the stone while pressing the knife with his fingers.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
spits it out followed by another kid.
a woman is taking a drink from a glass.
is seen from behind.
pulls a rope on an exercise machine.
, the man stretch and exercises while standing on the parallel bars.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
then installs a new roof.
is performing a song on a flute.
is shown of the group playing together.
rubs down the chair with a rag as well as with a hose.
dies down, a person eats something.
proceed to polish the boot.
then put the boat back on the road.
climb across the rope.
he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is brushing the surface of a table and begins to comb with an electric shaver.
then takes the racket, pulls the handle again and returns to the previous position in front of him only this time he takes another hit.
is on his knees in the snow and he is pulling fish from a little hole using a string.
is shown playing a drum set.
enter the field with frisbees and their dogs.
get their dogs to do numerous tricks using the frisbees.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is using a squeegee to wipe a shoe.
are running full speed down the track.
race through the streets of a city where the streets are paved.
see a man and a cat in the indoor yard, then in the fenced yard of an event.
wets the table with white water and wets the cloth again.
adds more wax to the pumpkin.
pierces the pumpkin a second time and sits on the couch.
continues to surf and seems to have a great self control as he continues to do various jumps and tricks along the grass.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
rides past cars at a quick pace and performs several tricks and flips.
performs a long jump in blue desert.
then demonstrates how to throw a ball to the goal.
then begins performing a routine on the stage with one others.
continues dancing and playing the drums that leads back to the crowd.
kick a ball back and fourth while others watch.
continue to throw balls trying to get the other to score.
flip over and fall sitting in the snow.
just stands with the shovel, not sure what to do.
is attached to a machine that is attached to his leg by a hose.
perform with batons, swinging and twirling them.
is running and with other people walking alongside it.
is running fast and the people behind keep up with his pace.
walks out of frame.
walks back in and the picture speeds up.
, aerial shots of the team's actions, and the players parking their cars.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
's done mowing, he plays with his two black and white dogs in his backyard.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
stands still, preparing for the cymbals.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
jumps off of the pony and catches a running dog.
then hog ties the dog then walks back toward the pony.
is standing with a scythe and laying down his wood.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pulls out a fish and hooks it in the hole.
picks up the fish in his hand.
ride around the sidewalk and push down at the bottom of the trash can while laughing to the camera.
continues speaking to others while still moving faster and faster.
jumps onto the bar.
climbs out of bed and shaves his legs.
is seated in a room on a grey floor by a small round table covered with lumberjack stuffed toys.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the guy begins to workout on the machine and shows its function, while a man walks back and forth into the room from the side door of the gym.
is belly tied to a hook.
strums the chords he continually slows down and plays more guitars as he goes.
stops playing and begins drumming on the car while looking back at the camera.
jumps onto a set of double ramps
pauses to speak to the camera and continues playing on the harmonica.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
is getting ready to lift a heavy barbell.
wipes some car cleaner on the drivers side door and polishes it.
is showing how to use it to clean each bathroom using various methods including soap, water, shampoo, shampoo a toothbrush, toothpaste, mouthwash, and soap.
adds some soy sauce to the black bean sauce and cranks up the heat.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
, she swings the bat at the pinata and she hits the candy out of there, then she takes the blindfold off and swings the bat again getting more candy out.
lifts the barbell continuously with one hand upwards placed on his shoulders.
lifts the barbell above his head.
cleans the christmas tree, he picks up supplies, and makes sure the machine is running.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears with his logo on the left, and all of his detailed information for his shop and contact information on the right.
talk about the repeat course for having a christmas party.
lifts and then lowers herself over the bar several times.
is making faces while holding an ice cream cone.
is eating something from a bowl also.
then begins performing several baskets.
throws the ball back and fourth and ends by demonstrating how to tie his shoes.
are shown while someone narrates the tricks.
walks along a track with a helmet on.
lays down on its back while it sniffs information.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
does a back and forth process after sticking its tongue out.
jump off of a bridge onto a large rock.
then try to kick and move through it.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
get a different shoe and start wiping it.
ties it around his body while looking back to the camera.
fishes and catches small fish as well as many other fish before getting tired.
performs a long jump and receives his second point.
crash into each other in the street.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs up a long flight of stairs.
walk beside the boats, guiding them with their oars.
collaborate to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
link their hands and begin to eat fried dough.
continue mixing and 4 glasses come together with a bowl of cookie dough.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
are seen playing guitars and singing along while the man continues playing drums along with the song.
run across the yard.
walks across the yard and opens the back door of the red riding lawnmower.
see the stone in the washer and dryer and the instructions are given.
are shown the knife cutting tomatoes.
are standing next to the strong waves.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake some more leaves on the grass until whole.
demonstrates how to mix the butter and flour in a blender to blend the dough.
rolls the dough around and makes a sandwich.
, she puts the packet in the oven and prepares a casserole dish.
places the raw cookie on a cookie sheet and bakes them.
are done baking, she places them in an airtight plastic container for storing for future consumption.
is bent over and has his two hands gripping onto a barbell with two very large weights on the ends of it.
then lifts himself up to grab the bar using both legs and then he jumps onto his arms and holds it for a little bit missing his feet.
, the woman takes out the container of the mower and puts the dead grass in a trash bag, then she puts back the container in the mower.
stands watching the woman.
screws something into the bottom of a plastic bag.
continue flipping around the gym while also stopping to speak to the camera.
walks to a cube and sometimes he stands up close to it and tries to solve the cube.
is injured but is shot and the bull tries to eat him.
lift the loser and threw him on the ground.
tires the tire and then uses a tool to tighten the hole while continuing to speak to the camera.
is stacked up against a wall.
walks around the counter and begins placing the apples in the bowl.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
adds the lemons to the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes the contents of the mug.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
walks across the mowed lawn and sits on a bench.
plays a large keyboard, strumming on the keys and pausing intermittently.
goes out of bounds.
serves the ball again.
returns and the man in green serves the ball.
, the young man play beach volleyball with another guy.
also starts stomping on the congas with his feet and the rhythmic beat he made on the congas.
waves his arms for animation.
knock him off his surfboard.
grabs some fish and gets in the water and puts it in a hole.
pull out a large fish and pose with it.
enter the town, when people went on ships to an area on the coast of typhoon.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
does a 360 revolution in the air then lands on the mat.
dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
reaches for her chin and makes a face.
a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
move out of the net, resulting in their loss in a pit of mud.
kneels across from the first guy at the coffee table.
continue to push and kick the man's hands while other boys practice in the background.
continue playing against one another and end by cheering.
are doing wrestling movements in a ring in a dark room and a referee is waching and screaming at them.
stand up sitting on the floor.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
spits on the floor.
dips the knife through the block then dropping it on top of it.
is swinging on a yellow rope while jumping around.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
is complete they continue dancing with each other, and stop.
then spits it out on to the floor in front of him.
give each other high fives.
give each other high fives.
speak to the camera.
then captures several animals raking as well as a dog chasing a ball.
is peeling a lemon and mixing the juice into a jar.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is having a concert and a mens sitting on the stage as the music plays, dancing and playing the guitar.
hit the violin and man continues playing the piano.
is sprayed on a wooden chair.
is used in sentence of the product.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reclines and drinks the water.
dips a rag into the pail and scrubs.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
are removed from the center.
brings out shoe polishing supplies.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
bends and picks the knife sharpener up.
dorks an ice cream cone.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
continues individually performing and ends without showing how the intro intro came to be.
turns around on the floor.
does hop scotch while swinging and mainly kneeling.
is lifting weights with his left hand while sitting still.
then grab rocks and fish around in the ocean while people watch on the sides.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands
man is moving features in the ground that he uses to place the shingles and wood board on top of the roof top.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
put a contact into her eye and puts a gel into her eye.
applies her hair directly to the nape of her neck to away from the rollers.
irons her hair and puts some rollers on it.
pushes a child down the track while people watch on the sidelines.
ties up the pieces and pulls them down and hides them.
applauds for his run in australia at the olympic event.
falls down with two others cheering as he continues to jump on the track.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
are balloons attached to poles.
is a man combing the hedge with an electric razor.
run down the track toward the stage.
cheers for the cheerleaders.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
pushes a scrub into a bowl and rubs it all over various areas.
continuously demonstrate how to properly perform soccer moves while the camera captures them from many angles.
is riding, he has rope.
bends down and lifts one of the soapy people, then back down using a bar to lift the hose.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
pans around the area to see people cutting and ends with a close up of a person smiling and continuing to cut.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
pulls out a white fish and uses wire cutters to drill holes into it.
yells something to the camera while she continues to scrub the clothing down.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
then demonstrates the use of the small amounts of metal to play a song.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
uses the selfie stick to paint himself and a couple of other people around him.
records himself on a snowy slope, then he starts skiing down lemkes.
jumps again but this time at 5'10 high, he clears it, and once again it replays.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
rushes over and submerges his butt, while a tall one comes into frame and the curling man sliding on the roof comes to a stop.
rises again and runs to the tree and jumps between the jump ropes and lands on a red border trampoline and does a flip.
kneels next to his car and shows cleaning products.
shakes up the product before applying it to a sponge.
rubs the sponge in foam on the cars tires.
begin to stuff the truck with boxes of clothing, which are being thrown on to the ground before they start to wrestle the wrestlers with blankets and rope.
then see the play sequence of a play scene from a justin bieber video.
is repeated in slow motion in front of him in a cardio room filled with exercise equipment.
returns, but the jump is pointless, he still has practice, and he has never done it.
is extremely easy, but does not last.
are hitting a red ball back and forth.
, the girl swing the bat in the air, and in the second try she hits the pinata and break it.
then lifts the weight over her head.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
is standing in a concentration beam while holding a gold stick, and then put the stick on his abs and start to demonstrate how to perform a balance beam exercise by lifting the bar and then skip forward and backward from back.
continues talking, exercises, and demonstrating how to properly properly do his all distance but 11 hour stay wakeboarding on a playground that is attached to a mobile tree.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
ride bikes are played.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
stops licking its left paw and finally falls into a pit of its own food on the ground.
then begins to take its front paws and starts rubbing it's face and ears and licking its front paws over and over.
is done grooming itself and it just sits still.
move around the hole and attempt to fish of a fish under there water.
dries off the shoe using a towel.
rinses the shoe inside the folded towel with water.
pans around and points to a man standing inside the machine as the man continues to move on the machine.
, the toddler covers the hole with snow.
throws the object off onto the field and begins throwing another as well.
work out on exercise bikes together.
talks to the camera.
see the ending screen on a black background.
see a person score a point we then see the ending screen.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are full, they add on top of it a vegetable mix.
're done in the oven, they have another batch baked and their dad has a plate to take off next.
push their backs against a cliff.
demonstrates by demonstrating how to kneel on the floor then continue doing the workout.
tosses the bar up in the air.
zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder, taking deeper and deeper breaths.
wearing hats are helping the camel walk.
stands behind them relaxing.
gets down and began shoveling the snow and snow and holding up water.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
grabs a bottle of vinegar and pours it on top of the salad.
puts more dressing on the salad.
is talking the talk.
continues tossing the salad and mixing the dressing into it.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
throws the salad towards the potted plant.
pours it through a straw into a glass and washes it down with a cup of soda water.
pours all of the ingredients into a bell shaped brown pot that has soap inside.
, she takes a drink of vodka and pours it on the conch and presents it.
pours the drink into the shaker and mixes it from the shaker.
then demonstrates how to properly groom the dog while the host continues to speak and pet the dog.
is pushing a lawn mower.
climbs a ladder and looks at a roof.
cuts tiles for a house to look clean.
is then announcin aluminum on a table.
switches sides quickly, continuing to play the instrument.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
hangs dead leaves on a tree.
continue chopping wood at the camp site.
continue to push the ball around back and fourth while the camera focuses on one game.
dips the weight in a glass of icy water and then down again.
speaks then he climbs on top of a tree with a woman.
is then seen spinning around multiple times while a crowd watches on.
then lifts himself up over the bar several times.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
disassembles and rearranges the bike.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
talks standing in a car.
raise her arms when cross the finish line.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
mops on the floor that between the refrigerator and another counter.
mops on the counter.
walks away in the other direction as the girl begins her a piercing at the ear piercing.
rests back down and fights the woman who finally pierces her ears.
continues to take drags out of the cigarette while blowing smoke off into the distance.
then take their backpacks and they get into the cold water with the fish.
fish up a large red hole while wearing protective tape over their mouths.
then fish larger fish out because it is easier with big fish.
takes a shining knife, then cut the fish's legs off into the ice.
cut the fish into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
run and do jumps while also landing on the mat.
then tie a rope around the fish and then around the sled and sending it into the water.
adjusts the cone for the child.
eats the ice cream cone with his hand.
rubs the hair dryer on her hair.
proceed to dry her own hair.
changes to show a group of men with their horses and they're each holding onto their ropes and doing various things with them like tying and swinging them.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
although his name is jeff schmidt, and then again with him is zack zuff.
play and rotate between the two of them.
ends with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
, he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
continuously offer white roses to the man as well as small gifts and a purple shears.
pans over the raked up leaves while several others discuss their hard work.
spins and throws a ball.
line lines a fish up before going while the fish is reeling.
pauses and speaks to the camera.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
stands up and spins her body, demonstrating some gymnastics moves.
's a door next to a pew behind him.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
is another woman laughing with the other man.
man pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
is occasionally shown playing tennis, then goes back to speaking to the group.
adds an oil to the item, and we see the packaging.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
run around and throw the men into the group.
continues playing and then pauses to speak to the camera while also demonstrating how to properly play.
walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
moves around in a circle on his head and spins.
plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.
wipes it onto a towel.
opens the violin case.
plays a song on his violin.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
uses trowels and strikes a tree.
are outside of an aerobics class.
hands an ice cream cone to a client.
speak their hot eights while the bald man talks for a bit.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
stop hop roping and relax.
then starts playing a clarinet, while holding the instrument, by moving her hand to the front not at all provoking the girl's advances.
dips into a mat high in the air and a man comes over and supports her as she dismounts.
is done holding the position for a while the girl relaxes and then walks away.
skis, more men appear before he reappears by himself.
, the man makes it to the last slope before another man appears on his gloves and nobody notices.
swishes it around in her mouth and spits it out into the sink.
riding a bicycle down a freeway wearing a helmet and sporting a paper tag on the front of the bicycle.
pass the ball to one another and passes the ball to the opposing team.
talks for a while and the camera shows the process of dustputting.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
is spraying water from a hose into the air in front of him.
is then shown up close performing several routines including flips and handsprings as well as flipping and falling forward onto the mat.
is done he turns around and starts in on another bull.
shows off them on a cocktail napkin.
jumped in the pool but fell into the pool making a big splash.
is talking about the argument between mike tyson of swansboro and smith of egg plants.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
walks out of the helmet and we see his face again.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue.
drop the weight to the ground.
gesture at the camera.
sail along in the water moving side to side.
ride their boards slowly through the rough waters.
then uses an one inch razor to shave her legs.
has a damp towel and under her eyelash.
sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
jumps from the trampoline onto a mattress and begins moving around in a circular motion towards the end.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
is in front of the camera and start smoking something and holding the cigarette.
is being sprayed with a solution from the water dispenser.
continues talking in his store and shows the furniture recliner and parrot.
spits in a cup.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
gets up and walks across the court again with his pucks.
pulls up the tree off the ground before cutting it.
is walking down the court and starts doing several martial arts moves.
is then added to the kindling as she picks out small sticks and lights the fire.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
dintron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is demonstrating the use of the elliptical.
bend down and grabs the handle and begins working out fingers moving it around her body while talking.
further explains benefits of the workout with an elliptical.
continues to show the viewers the correct way to exercising on the elliptical.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup.
is making progress across the wall pretty quickly the way he is doing it.
uses his tools to rip off the excess paint, then runs his back up along the wall.
then jumps over the bar and is shown again in slow motion.
ties the end and folds it into double knots.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
is then shown to get more information on this topic.
then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge.
mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan.
washes the dough with a sponge and then cuts it into bite size pieces.
then does it again for one last time.
a man water ski (A) behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, more people take off their clothing and do half jumps in the river.
, the toddler, grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
are shown of the crowd cheering and showing the girls swimming successfully.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is holding a person playing an acoustic guitar.
are shown running and the coach is interviewed.
keep running and scores another goal and celebrates while there s a repetition.
girl holds out food to the camera while several others go outside.
continue mixing with one another while using their hands in the end.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play and dogs fetch around the man.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
grip each other's hands and start dancing in place.
put their mouth on a towel.
rub their faces together.
pick up the towel and wipe their face.
grab a cup and turn the sink on.
interviews several runners and ends with her leading a world cup.
see the kids riding down the street from a skater pov.
falls across the other seat.
is a man wearing white shirt and jungle gym shorts exercising on the green surface.
cutting the grass with a yellow, reusable light green plastic tool.
is trimming the lawn in a back and forth motion, moving the trimmer horizontally across the grass.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
is cleaned, the men move towards the back spraying the vehicle and come back to spray the rim and go back to the trunk to get all of the spots.
is narrating the action.
is a bike parked next to the house.
manipulates the objects and applies plaster around the corners and vigorously pokes holes and mortar chips.
pushes the billiard stick through the dirt and speaks to the man.
punch each other with one man winning.
doesn't hit the sand.
continues shaving her legs then pans away to a dinosaur.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
resumes playing the violin for laugh.
win continuously and the older sister then gets more practice and even stops playing.
falls off of the hand and downhill.
then parts and all the neighborhood are on a slack line doing parallel jumps being pulled by the inter tube during his skiing vacations.
squeezes through the tubes in the tunnel and then continue riding down the hill.
continues to play and ends by hitting a button on a device.
is seen again a bit more and continues running down the track while people clap and the man bounces some more.
see people start when the gate opens.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
runs back and fourth while doing his routine.
hold each other and pretend to be pushing one another and laughing.
, you see them on the field playing a game and later talking a little bit about it.
bring yarn to knit and talk about it a little bit.
continue to play numerous game of field hockey.
cuts wrapping paper in strips, then wraps it neatly around a box.
tapes the box, then lays it down gently on the table.
then strike off balls as well as speaking to one another and wrapping up the interviews.
, the third time the person belongs is picked up and dropped off then he moves to another area to play again.
drops the reusable leaf blower in the garbage can.
again, the instructor then comes and discusses the topics before the class.
put on the boots that appear next to the tree.
then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other's watch.
then stands on his hands and begins rubing his body into various positions.
pans around people playing and a pile of dirt.
are talking about the tango dance.
continues to work on the first step by bending forward, and moving her feet.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
falls off and another athlete steps up and plays with the men.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
put his cone on the carpet and lay down on the carpet.
throws something at the boy with ice cream.
are shown on the screen at the end.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
walk through the marathon, taking pictures, congratulating each other after completing.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
holds a training staff in his hand.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
play the same game with the kids.
walk to the court and score.
then wipes the face of the child with a towel.
gets onto an elliptical and starts sharpening it.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
's done sharpening, he is shown laying on the floor and smiling.
puts butter on the sharpener and add meat to it.
, the boys remove their equipment, apply shirts to the foot of a bench positioned between two walls.
tosses the baton in the air.
picks up a bottle of do flips.
pours some of the lotion onto her hands and rubs it on her face.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
jumps off the board into the street.
lifts a ball up into the air.
collapses on a mat.
zoom in on the man under the floor.
grabs and guides the device.
then begins playing the harmonica throughout the entire song and ends by adding a bow.
appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
speak to the camera.
transitions to more gymnastic practice segments.
then finishes the brush and straightens his hair.
continues playing the harmonica and ends by laying down, laying in the bed with her eyes closed and resting her head on a pillow.
is in a rink skateboarding on a hill while another boy watches him.
arrive in a stadium to a sunblue basketball court.
is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her.
repeats this actions backwards with a height difference.
kicks it with his knees while the camera captures him from several angles as the body weight hangs over his head and he throws it down several more times more.
holes and touch the hole with the rod.
walks back to the hole to see if he caught anything but his hooks were nowhere near the hole.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
run onto the ring and begin performing a martial arts move while others applaud and pockets watch on.
holds the other man's other arm while the competitors continue fighting around each other.
gets on the bike and starts working out.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
, wearing blue shorts, brown leotard and no shirt will come on stage and begin kicking the ball.
is playing racket ball with the first player.
is a player demonstrating the serve as the coach explains.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
continues to demonstrate the serves.
walk through the door.
performs a routine in front of spectators, two of them wearing white sweatsuits.
then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight.
then lifts the weight up and down and pushes the weight side to side.
accidentally cuts the green onion and several shots of the cutting board, knife and its spot is shown.
sprinkles ice cream on the ice cream cone.
sits next to a woman praying.
rearranges a garment.
see a man laying carpet in a bedroom.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
then jump in and begin swimming in the pool while one of the women jokes with the camera man.
