is using wrap to wrap a pair of skis.
pulls the barbell forward.
are driving the canoe, they go down the river flowing side to side.
gets in a mat.
turns his body around on the mat.
celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms.
rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.
push a child in a speedboat in the water.
uses the knife to shave his leg.
grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.
walks towards the camera.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
then starts to get up from the chair and begins walking towards the camera.
explains how the frog secretes a poisonous fluid that can be extremely harmful.
is covered to the boy that is playing there.
then takes a drink having a conversation with another man and another man leads into him throwing balls in the water.
pauses in the process of eating to enjoy her food.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member stands looking into a hut and then handing people photographs.
gets up and walks away to the other room.
are shown as she continues to dance around on the hardwood and every move makes a lash on her face.
, she takes some spray and it makes her skin extremely oily and she continues to talk until the video is over.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing.
walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
gets some food out of the fridge and they continue playing together.
crawls to the door.
went to the target board and talked to the camera.
walks off the porch and goes back inside.
runs loose and feeds on his movements.
gets mowed quicker by the dog.
is doing flips in the waters and on the rocks and he be water surfing.
see a tool on a table.
see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears then different people carry it to a table where they mix the liquid with a straw with a straw and take turns squirting the liquid into their skin.
talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.
tries to rise but dikes instead.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, the woman gives ice cream to the child, and then the woman cleans the child's mouth.
tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.
hits a big weight in slow motion.
is demonstrating how the dog's hair is trimmed with electric shears at their grooming salon.
, the person remove the wrapping paper to expose a shoe.
is gathered around a long table into a dance routine.
uses scissors to cut the blade as well as metal and talk to the camera at the end.
dance on the ropes attached to the stage.
plays his guitar while moving his body around in front of the band.
are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
walk along a road, using bicycles and bagpipes.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast cross the pommel horse with the long rope while performing handsprings.
is pushing a kress of water in a lake while instructing his boarder.
demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity.
plays a song on her harmonica while walking away from the train.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
plays in a house while the woman looks on.
puts water on a hose and begins cleaning the windows.
continues to work by scrubbing the windows and then by pouring water out.
does a trick on his dirty ice fishing line.
more fish and throws them to the side.
continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
pops and a child in white attempts to hit the pinata, but fails.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
continues playing the violin and beginning to intermittently move the sticks up and down.
boils food into a bowl and then adds some part of a salad into the bowl.
adds flour to a baking pan.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
wets the garment and scrubs it with a cloth.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
quickly picks up and irons, flames dancing over the clothing.
does curling.
puts the cat down and boxes it with paper.
sits back down on the chair.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
is still serving the baton, she places the extension on her left hand and does a full 180 degree spin in one flip.
is a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off the floor to finish her performance.
wet his car and wipes it down.
see the old man's garage and what looks like a boat in the water.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
moves across the water and several people on boats and jet-skis are moving in the water near a large wave.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water.
is shown inside while a machine is working.
then explains the skates movement and how to use the breaks that is in the back of the skates.
continues sliding the blade over the appliance.
also shows how to use tubing no a string is attached to it and she explaining the use of the tubing.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
continues using the appliance to put the fancy knife on the box.
grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance.
turn the knife to sharpen the other side and then wipe it with paper towel.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
reading a book demonstrates how to use the bottle in the bathroom.
placed his feet on the pole and then hold it, then jumped from the pole on the poles stop and put his hands on his knees, bend down, and begin swinging on the pole.
walks back and loosens up before walking back up and doing it again adding more weight.
walks back up and drops the weights back down.
gets in front of them tugging and pushing the man.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
jump and skydive into the water at various speeds, tossing each other around.
engage in a game of water polo.
see a man holding a camera.
see the man turn off the camera.
walks into the camera frame.
wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
camera follows the pack as they chase a dirt bucker.
pans between the playing couples.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
approaches, instructing them.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
does not have to go as far as he needed to to go as he is ready to go.
are seen drilling holes as well as swimming around in the water.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the young man stops playing and pass on front a row of drummers.
trying to get the ball to go far past the basket and hit it back towards the basket while her coach continues teaching her.
is mopping the floor with a mop.
attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
walks around the mopping area.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
lobs the ball back and forth onto the court then puts his hand down to record between his legs to record more practice kicks.
bounces it and does several different things to hit it.
bounces again and hits the net multiple times.
is wearing scuba gear in a hole in the ice at lake riton.
is now seen riding beside the cyclist and taking pictures as well.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
is crawling across a finish line while other runners are running through the finish line.
are shown in distress and talking to the camera.
then throws a ball down the snow and another person stands on a ladder to catch the ball.
, the cooker add black ingredient and block.
, the man measures the sharpener and cut the discs on its knife, then sews the discs and carve them.
blow, flour is poured into a pan and laid out.
then weld and a bartender gives an alcoholic beverage to the worker.
, people sit and play foosball and are shown during the show.
pulls the pole and wire up higher and the man kneeling on the ice pulls the fish out of the ice water and puts it onto the ice.
is then kneeling on the ice and the men fly up and fly as far as possible.
is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates, scoring.
gets up and walks towards the camera.
, the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance.
, the men throw the canoe into the water, while one of them holds the paddle with his right hand.
are shoveling snow from the foot of the hill.
are skiing down a roof of a house.
stop at the bottom and talk.
then demonstrates reading what, by how, you can do the layup over and under hand move with your hands.
once again changes course and takes a break before continuing to talk to the camera.
played tennis ball with another person.
is playing racket ball while talking to the camera.
kicks his shoe off while dancing.
stops playing and drops the violin.
is strumming an electric guitar.
holds a harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
zooms back out to show the well laid tires.
spray water on the car to wash the soap off.
engages in some form of mount.
moves away as the man is pushed back up by the water.
rinses his face with water from the body of water.
washed first gently with soap.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away makeup.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
sits down to continue talking to the woman.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
explains the song she is about to play.
is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
are made and put in.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
departs from the camera frame, holding a spoon and shakes it in the air.
show various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
use the string to create a sled as they begin sledding through the streets of paris.
splashes into the hole bigger and bigger as the others continue to pull the string one by one.
continue to throw the object around while holding the hold the fish.
person keeps score and pretends to make a goal.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see a man flip and throw the ball.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
is riding on the road on its belly.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
holds up a bottle of fluid and puts it on an iv.
is demonstrating using two hoses to wash the clothes as he will talk to the camera.
went back to using his hands to wash the clothes gradually.
adds more soap to the washing machine and then proceeds to swirl and rinse the clothes.
walks a mower across very tall growing grass.
runs and catches frisbee.
see jesse close up in the camera.
throws the frisbee and a dog catches it.
see the ground in a white screen.
continues to run around with his frisbee.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
never stops, trampling the grass and clipping it back.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing and talking has she hold white paper in her hands.
appear on the screen announcing it is time to start as the woman speaks again.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
swim their way up and get out of the pool while some other swimmers are still inside the pool.
is used and used on trimming a cheek.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
wipes down the baby with the pad, then continues rinsing the sink.
sled sides a lake of water on horses next to a bridge of boats.
are shown as well as people celebrating and walking away.
are shown of people running around the land as well as running onto a field with their hands up.
gets her mascara out and then applies it to her face.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
drinks the contents of the beer can from the hole after opening the top.
turns off and continues mowing the lawn with green topped green grass surpassing the stilts.
then cleans off the entire wall paper and then rips it too hard while the cat is looking.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
then fades to black and the camera are seen from several angles.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
walks out while wearing a tutu in the parade while others walk on front.
soldier carries a long shovel that blow leaves in the wind.
is moving the car through traffic.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
watch on the sidelines as the young men on the court make some best strikes with sticks.
fades to black as two men with referees run into the classroom.
then puts her fingers onto the strings and with her other hand she touches and points on her fingers on the strings as well as taking the bow to her strings every now and then.
then points to the drumsticks as the camera-the woman stands up and runs into the camera and shows off the correct chords of the bow and also positions her hands on the strings in front of her.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
then paints a floor with buckets of paint and he uses several buckets to paint the room.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic.
then grabs pink lip stick and takes the girl's lip stick.
scrubs her contacts using a brush.
wipes her face with her hands while smiling.
climbs all the way down and plays with climbing equipment.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
bike then drives away from the shop with the trailer attached to it.
is put together on the floor.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
continues to drum as several smaller screens appear as they show how to play.
then shovels the dirt around the trunk of a large tree.
pans around to show the others performing sort of for the camera, including one woman standing upright in front of a bush.
then finishes on a long horizontal cut.
, the camel stop, and a person carry guide in his hands, then they ride on its back and return.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
laughs and turns around.
is skating in the rink and doing tricks sitting.
starts doing gymnastics and howlifting in a gym and in gym.
then uses scraper to polish the shoe while still speaking and cutting with sharp edges.
are then seen playing with an animal along with cheering in the end.
are playing volleyball on the beach.
climbs along backwards on the rails and we see her jump straight off of the side of the chalk.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
start to play tennis as they attempt to catch the balls.
is a picture shown on the image of bnp stadium giving an illustration.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
join her as she continues playing to both the camera and the audience.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
lifts it up to her chest and holds it tightly.
they use a trashcan size object to cut up some of the grass.
pick up another tree back behind them.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
is talking and grabbing a form.
we an her doing a dance on the field.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
is trotting on the horse across the field.
, the polo game is displayed.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
see a crowd of people on aerobics class.
then see men on a track performing a high jump.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
turns to face right.
then fades to black.
runs across the court, knocking other people to the ground.
kick the balls at the basket.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
practice on a gym floor, while three other boys practice in gym gym.
, a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
then springs down and onto the beam several times in slow motion.
with ear protection is shown playing and changing notes.
briefly shows off the violin and the different ways you can do it.
then begins to clean the sidewalk with a rag.
then zooms out and you can see him making notes on another piece of equipment.
does a forward flip over the table.
pushes himself on the water while the boat speeds up.
continues skiing and ends by jumping off the boat.
continuously spits water all along the dog while the dog sits still.
ends and he claps his hands over his mouth.
is thrown onto the board.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
is done jump roping, she flips back on the ropes and sits back down on them.
, the man lifts a weight of 101 kg successfully.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
continue to move their arms or legs around.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
then display the results of the spin class.
runs and jumps across a mat.
works out and lifts a bar in the air with weights.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it against his shoulder.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
then opens a hand mirror and tubs a wet cloth, which she pours into her mouth and animates.
pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
the barn they take their helmets off and they throw them down and take off riding the horses through the snow.
appears on screen with pictures of the horses inside and out.
uses his hands to eat the food.
hands the child something from a purse.
continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
lifts it over his head and drops it onto the sand.
walks up and sits down next to him.
walks into the bathroom with her hair down.
applies a moisturizer to her face while dancing around.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are in, he starts to run and do his first throw.
, the man talks and playing guitar and talking while singing.
continues dancing around and getting her eyes dirty.
is in and he can't get it, he moves it back on front him to the opponent.
is connected to a diver causing the piercing to go through her head.
are getting ready for the sporting event in an outdoor setting on a bright sunny day.
are walking in a tight rope on the playground.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
allows the dog an electric bath, then she takes the dog outside.
is wet dog on a table next to her.
walks the dog out the front door.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
takes a thoroughly wet dog and wets him with the water and rubs the fur all over.
is all dirty when he is done.
runs around the dog with wet fur too.
lifted the barbel and something inside it flipped off and the other man stopped and get the stuff and hand it to the other man who tried to carry it up and handed it to him.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
is finished, the object in question is a cylinder.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
licks a spoon and continues speaking while holding up a flattened ice cream cone.
help plant the areas while moving around wheel barrows and planting plants while still speaking to the camera.
also reappears underwater in a large room.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water, as a boat pass on front the old man.
does a layup on his stomach.
serve the ball over to each other and they bowl over and around each other.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance.
then see her from the backs as she is getting ready with her hair down.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
machine begins to tattoo a tattoo onto the cat.
then begins buffing its nails trying to clean.
is walking behind him and the first man is skateboarding and another man is skateboarding in front of him.
then continues to stare at the camera.
taps the ball against the wall.
walks over and lifts up the ball.
throws a ball over a lawn into a cup.
continue taking turns while the camera captures their movements.
lean forward then back and grab for the object again.
follows one man to the ground, but is blocked by a garbage can and one man surrounds him with objects.
is a dancing routine going on in the background.
have successfully moved their hands, they go back to their team drinking and exhaling while the crowd watches them.
is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
shows how to use her took cards to model the woman's nails.
wearing a flip flops jumps over a pole many times and lands with both feet placed, but recovers and runs and jumps over the pole again.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
jumps over the pole but does not get over it.
slides over a large rock and then slams into the ice.
freezes and wets the fish.
's a scoop of ice cream and he eats it and grabs a small shovel.
, a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
vacuum up very quickly and presents the shoes.
is food being eaten at the event by many.
are shown carrying food and drinks some on a leash.
begins and people run very fast.
stands up and nods before being interviewed again.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
continue to run around under the stage and close up of a man speaking and shows people playing a game.
goes to an indoor pool, and shows how to do a splash dunk.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
is also seen sitting on a bench speaking to a woman who begins to pass the pitcher back and fourth.
are watching as he continues to play.
is playing a longer harmonica while the others are playing a smaller harmonica.
continue playing together as they dance along.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
then throwing in the machine mix.
drop the knife on the ground and bobby sharpens it off by sharpening it using sides.
are in a parallel gym where they are adjusting their equipment.
run, people are on the side of the road encouraging them with water on their tables, signs and clapping for them.
from the rain, it is snowing and a lot of people are standing in the street getting wet and wish they hadn't done that.
, people are on the side of the road encouraging them with water on their tables, signs and clapping for them. Aside from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
rides around on the board a lot hitting water balls and laughing with one another.
stands up and goes back to raking.
scrapes the leaves together and wraps them with tape.
explains how you should cut the grass according to its color and how high or low you want it.
she takes her blades and cuts up some of the grass that she sliced.
place two groups and hold up two girls who hold up one girl together.
stands on a foosball table and throws his legs up in the air.
stops performing many tricks back and fourth.
falls into the water and recovers.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
push bulls around on each other while trampling them.
shows the different tools he needs to replace the chain.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiled in water held by a crank.
is stirred into the cups and greased onto separate bowls.
carried the pole on his back while running.
is pushed through by a silver cart carrying some lawn tools.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
rides the wave all the way to shore.
enters the pan and starts cooking.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are seen sharing their stories and experience about their jogging expedition in the mountains and their participation in the marathon races.
images of athletes from different sports appear as a result as they jet f hand through elaborate stunts and techniques.
while reading a newspaper.
are on opposing sides of the court holding rackets.
are skating at night, in intensely bright light of day.
run around the court and run back to it.
lets go of the bar and vaults into the air, holding securely on to its bar, releases the bar and serves it in an elaborate round of tangled, shimmy.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
start running across the field again, trying to score.
is running on the field in a hopscotch game.
stand up and go back to arm wrestling.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is standing behind them holding a rope.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
scrubs down two surfboards and then wraps a towel around the top.
stand behind a counter in a kitchen.
slides the knife on the stone while pressing the knife with his fingers.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
spits it out onto his hand.
a woman is taking a drink from a glass.
is seen a a distance away.
pulls the rope on an exercise machine.
, the man stretch and exercises while standing on the parallel bars.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
is performing a song on a flute.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
continues mopping the chair and throws it away.
dies down some more people are shown using their phones to call 911 and then call the police to make sure they are ok.
proceeds to polish the boot.
then put the boat back on the road.
climb across the rope.
he has some snow on his shovel to serve against the snow.
is brushing the surface of a table and begins to comb with an electric shaver.
then puts his two hands on the ground, and pushes his feet back to go back on his knees and demonstrates one more time how he jumps from his knees to his toes.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is playing a game of croquette.
enter the field with frisbees and their dogs.
take turns putting their dog down.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is using a squeegee to wipe a shoe.
are running full speed down the track.
race through the streets of a city where the streets are paved.
see a man laying tiles a wall at a plant garden and laying tile again in an open field.
wets the table with white water and wets the cloth again.
adds more wax to the pumpkin.
shows another pumpkin and puts wax on it then cleans it and puts more wax on it.
is also shown riding around with a small yellow and white dog doing what appears to be a form of exercise.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
shows how to play the volleyball.
then begins performing a cheering routine with one another.
continues to move around and end with a picture.
track a ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
flip over and fall sitting in the snow.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
is running and with other people walking alongside it.
takes off on its side and the two women follow behind.
back and fourth while the man hits the strings.
walks back in and the picture speeds up.
of a man slapping his feet on the sand.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
is done, he stands on top of a mound of new green fluff and begins throwing the fluff to the ground as he takes his smoke holder and lights it.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
lift the barbel up to his chest.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
lets go of the dog who runs out the gate.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
is using a scythe to rake the debris of garbage.
around him continue to pump water from their hose.
pulls a fish out of the hole and puts it on top of the Ice.
takes a fish out of the hole.
ride around the sidewalk and push down at the bottom of the trash can while laughing to the camera.
continues speaking to others while still moving faster and faster.
begins to do several hand tricks as the camera focuses.
continues to brush his teeth.
is standing in a field with a stick moving around in front of him, while another guy stands behind him swinging a tennis racket.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the guy begins to workout on the machine and shows its function, while a man walks back and forth into the room from the side door of the gym.
is belly tied to a hook.
strums the chords he continually slows down and plays more guitars as he goes.
stops playing and begins drumming on the car while looking back at the camera.
jumps onto a set of double ramps.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
is shoveling snow from the side and down the sidewalk.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
explains the importance of a still to show a product of the same kind of grooming.
adds some soy sauce to the black bean sauce and cranks up the heat.
instead of swinging her bat, the woman swings on the man's head.
, the woman throws a small ball and they catch it and continue playing.
lifts the barbell continuously with one hand upwards placed on his shoulders.
lifts the barbell above his head.
cleans the christmas tree, he picks up supplies, and makes sure the machine is running.
is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
appears and words appear on the screen that say " jackpot eels ".
talk about the repeat course for having a christmas party.
then lifts the weights over her head.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
gets the ice cream cone out of her bag.
then begins performing several baskets.
continues shooting hoops with the ball while speaking to the camera.
are shown of skate boarding, ranging from riding by some sort of ladder, up from couches and down from sinks.
walks along a track with a helmet on.
lays down on its back while it sniffs information.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
does a back and forth process after sticking its tongue out.
jump off of a bridge onto a large rock.
then try to kick and move through it.
use the wet wipes to clean several rose petals off their shoes.
get a different shoe and start wiping it.
then holds a person up and shows off his tool.
fishs and catches small fish as well as many other fish before getting tired.
performs a long jump and receives his second point.
begin a race during a crowded track.
are in a comercial showing the socer table and playing.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
walk beside the boats, guiding them with their oars.
girls serve a sandwich, then, the two girl and one put sheet cake on the table.
boys clap for them and a mixture of everything disappears.
continue mixing and 4 glasses come together with a bowl of cookie dough.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
grab plates and dish wash and put them in the dishwasher and return to flipping the cards.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
fetches a kickball and throws it at a goal.
walk in and out of frame while he plays, pausing for a side view and others getting closer.
run across the yard.
walks across the yard and opens the back door of the red riding lawnmower.
see the stone in the washer and dryer and the instructions are given.
are shown the knife cutting tomatoes.
are playing water polo in the water against the waves.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake an car tire and use a tool to remove the plastic on the tire.
is giving directions as he uses the knife and the cheese, and shows how you can spread the milk, and how it can be baked before adding instead the baking powder.
rolls the dough around and makes a sandwich.
, she puts the packet in the oven and prepares a casserole dish.
folds them in shape and makes the dough into a sling and bowl with frosting.
are done baking, she places them in an airtight plastic container for storing for future consumption.
is skateboarding on a path in a secluded neighborhood at night and appears to be about to pass on his skateboard.
then lifts himself up to grab the bar using both legs and then he jumps onto his arms and holds it for a little bit missing his feet.
, the woman takes out the container of the mower and puts the dead grass in a trash bag, then she puts back the container in the mower.
is guiding the girl with a pick.
uses a tool to carve working bed down type of smile on a wooden board.
continue flipping around the gym while also stopping to speak to the camera.
walks to a cube and sometimes he stands up close to it and tries to solve the cube.
lost his archery pole to a bull that knocked him to the ground.
rides a bull and score and gets his helmet knocked off by a bull that attacked him.
tires the tire and then uses a tool to tighten the hole while continuing to speak to the camera.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
walks around the counter and begins placing the apples in the bowl.
then squeezes the orange juice into the bowl of a lemon.
adds the lemons to mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes the contents of the mug.
are fasted into the mug.
walks across mowed lawn and sits on a bench.
takes out a spray bottle and continues to mow the lawn.
goes all around the court.
serves the ball again.
goes out of bounds again.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
also starts stomping on the congas with his feet and the rhythmic beat he made on the congas.
waves his arms for animation.
knock him off his surfboard.
grabs some fish and gets in the water and puts it in a hole.
pull out a large fish and pose with it.
enter the town, when people went on ships to an area on the coast of typhoon.
are shown that include squashing a ball with a racket at each ball.
are skateboarding down a slide.
does a 360 revolution in the air then lands on the mat.
dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
dries her face on the towel.
, a group of young men are pictured playing indoor soccer.
are shown in a buzzing tour.
kneels across from the first guy at the coffee table.
then begin spar with one another chopping and punching.
continue playing against one another and end by cheering.
are wrestling in punches and kicking in a ring of mats in front of judges.
are ina a ring in a wrestling competition fighting while people is in stands screaming.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
spits it back out in the sink.
dips the knife through the block then dropping it on top of it.
is swinging on a yellow rope while jumping around.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
the women continue to hop and spin while the man in the red jacket hold up a flag.
then spits it out on to the floor in front of him.
forward walk on the camel.
give each other high fives.
speak to the camera.
pans the leaves over to another yard and catches him shoveling more and more leaves down.
is seen standing on a cane and putting on gear.
then throws the tiles down on top of the ceiling while continuing to work.
is playing and lights are flashing on a stage.
are carried off and people dance as they play along.
is sprayed on a wooden chair.
is used in sentence of the product.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reclines and drinks the water.
dips a rag into the pail and scrubs.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
are placed inside a circle so they won't burn themselves.
brings out shoe polishing supplies.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
writes on paper using sharpener.
walks by from behind and gets a quick peek then keeps walking.
begins and the girls do their routine of dancing, jumping, making different line formations and baton twirling as the crowd cheers them on.
then moves around the ground doing swaying motions.
turns around on the floor.
does hop scotch while swinging and mainly kneeling.
then does some discus kickboxing.
then grab rocks and fish around in the ocean while people watch on the sides.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
keeps following a man painting tiles and nail them down.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
then starts putting a contact into her eye.
pours liquid over her hair and pushes so hard it causes a pink head and the hair sticks then curls back in again.
irons her hair and puts some rollers on it.
then gets on the track and begins making a record.
ties up the pieces and pulls them down and hides them.
performs a long jump on a weightlifting bar does a short jump.
falls down with two others cheering as he continues to jump on the track.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
are balloons attached to poles.
is an advertisement for go green car cleaning.
run down the track toward the stage.
cheers for them once they finish.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
then pushes a scrub into a bowl and rubs it all over various areas.
continuously demonstrate how to properly perform soccer moves while the camera captures them from many angles.
is riding, he has rope.
bends down and lifts up one of the soapy people, then back down using a bar to lift the hose.
then begins cutting out sections of wood to create a fire.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
pulls out a white fish and uses wire cutters to drill holes into it.
yells something to the camera while she continues to scrub the clothing down.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
is playing an acoustic guitar.
then demonstrates the use of the small amounts of metal to play a song.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
uses the selfie stick to paint himself and a couple of other people around him.
records himself on a snowy slope, then he starts skiing down lemkes.
also slides backwards, performing balanced flips, and then lands with his feet located on the padded floor, and goes over the horizontal pole on any and all.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
rushes over and submerges his butt, while a tall one comes into frame and the curling man sliding on the roof comes to a stop.
rises again and runs to the tree and jumps between the jump ropes and lands on a red border trampoline and does a flip.
then uses a squeegee on the hood of his truck to clean off excess hubcap fluid.
takes a hose off of his car.
rubs the sponge in foam on the cars tires.
begin to stuff the truck with boxes of clothing, which are being thrown on to the ground before they start to wrestle the wrestlers with blankets and rope.
then see men playing lacrosse and scoring goals.
is repeated in slow motion in front of him in a cardio room filled with exercise equipment.
returns, but the jump is pointless, he still has practice, and he has never done it.
is extremely easy, but does not last.
are hitting a red ball back and forth.
, the person throws a bat on the ground and hits the pinata, then it flies through the air and land on the ground.
then lifts the weight over her head.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
is standing in a concentration beam while holding a gold stick, and then put the stick on his abs and start to demonstrate how to perform a balance beam exercise by lifting the bar and then skip forward and backward from back.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
in sidewalk skateboarding around, doing tricks and making jumps.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
stops licking its left paw and finally falls into a pit of its own food on the ground.
then begins to take its front paws and starts rubbing it's face and ears and licking its front paws over and over.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
move around the hole and attempt to fish of a fish under there water.
shows another container of wet wipes.
tapes down the rear portion of the shoe.
pans around points to a man standing inside the machine as the man continues to move on the machine.
, the toddler covers the hole with snow.
throws the object off onto the field and begins throwing another as well.
then start talking about baseball.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see people playing tennis on the table.
see a man break-dance in the middle of the table and people laugh afterwards.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are cooled, they are put into the oven and put onto a pan together.
are done in the oven, they have another batch baked and their dad has a plate to take off next.
push their backs against a cliff.
demonstrates by demonstrating how to kneel on the floor then continue doing the workout.
takes it for some reason and then shows a different size using the bar.
zooms in to show her any number of different notes.
wearing hats are helping the camel walk.
tries to ride the camel but the camels legs just keep kicking.
gets down and began shoveling the snow and snow and holding up water.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
grabs a bottle of vinegar and pours it on top of the salad.
puts more dressing on the salad.
is talking the talk.
continues tossing the salad and mixing the dressing into it.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
behind her stirs a pot of salad dressing.
pours it through a straw into a glass and washes it down with a cup of soda water.
points to vodka, jagermeister and food coloring.
, she takes a drink of vodka and pours it on the conch and presents it.
pours the drink into the shaker and mixes it from the shaker.
then pets the dog and lights a flame to add some heat and leads back into the dog being tv interviewed and shown off again until it goes back to the other arm wrestling event.
sets it against a house.
cleans wine bottles with a cloth.
helps wet a roof using a piece of construction paper.
is then announcin aluminum on a table.
switches sides quickly, continuing to play the instrument.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
walks towards the camera talking.
continue chopping wood at the camp site.
continue to push the ball around back and fourth while the camera focuses on one game.
dips the weight in a glass of icy water and then down again.
speaks then he climbs on top of a tree with a woman.
is then seen spinning around multiple times while a crowd watches on.
then lifts himself up over the bar several times.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
continues piecing the bike together and pans around the finished product in the end.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
shows her how to reach the finish line.
raise her arms when cross the finish line.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
mops near the stove and the counter.
mops on the floor that between the refrigerator and another counter.
mops the center of the kitchen floor.
walks away in the other direction as the girl begins her a piercing at the ear piercing.
stops playing and smiles.
continues smoking with his mouth open and leads into him getting up and speaking to another man as well as smoking cigarettes in a conga line.
then take their backpacks and they get into the cold water with the fish.
then try and catch a seal, but it is too fish ridden for them to finally get one in their mouths.
then sit for a little while and wait to get caught.
takes a potato and feeds it to an e-tag fish lying on their ice.
feed the fish he just caught.
put into a box and go out partying.
walk up and around the track as well as climbing up a sheer rock face.
then ties the rope around the fish and then around the sled and sending it into the water.
adjusts the cone for the child.
tries to buy the kid more candy.
rubs the hair dryer on her hair.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
changes to show a group of men with their horses and they're each holding onto their ropes and doing various things with them like tying and swinging them.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
play and rotate between the two of them.
ends with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
goes back to layering the floor with cement.
, he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
put up leaves in a yard and the man spreads them around.
pans over the raked up leaves while several others discuss their hard work.
spins and throws a ball.
pulls a fish out of the hole.
pulls a rod out of the hole.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
shows the team how to properly clean and lather their feet, washing them and rubbing them down.
's a door next to a pew behind him.
's a window behind them that has broken glass, so in the pews they stand together watching the man.
is another woman laughing with the other man.
man pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
returns to talking to the crowd.
pretends to scour the windows.
while washing his hands.
come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
continues to play and then pauses to speak to the camera while also demonstrating how to properly play.
walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
tries to run away and walks in circles.
plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.
wipes it onto a towel.
plays a song on the violin.
plays a song on his violin.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
uses trowels and strikes a tree.
are outside of an aerobics class.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
spin around in the air and throw their hands up.
then starts playing the clarinet, while holding the instrument, by moving her hand to the front not at all provoking the girl's advances.
dips into a mat high in the air and a man comes over and supports her as she dismounts.
is done holding the position for a while the girl relaxes and then walks away.
skis, more men appear before he reappears by himself.
, he goes to fast and ends up flipping over into a pile of snow.
throws it back in front of her and then continues smoking.
and a man dressed in white run together in the racetrack.
pass the ball to one another and passes the ball to the opposing team.
then takes his rake and moves the dirt back and forth around the house evening it out.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
throws the pole in the air as his teammates run around to help him and he fails and falls down.
is done he turns around and starts in on another bull.
uses a sprayer on the bottle to wipe it clean.
jumped in the pool but fell into the pool making a big splash.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
laughs while trying to eat the ice cream.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
drop the weight to the ground.
go rafting on the water.
sail along in the water moving side to side.
ride their boards slowly through the rough waters.
then uses an one inch razor to shave her legs.
has a damp towel and under her eyelash.
sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
jumps from the trampoline onto a mattress and begins moving around in a circular motion towards the end.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
is in front of the camera and start smoking something and holding the cigarette.
shows rustic, contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store.
continues talking in his store and shows the furniture recliner and parrot.
spits in a cup.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
swing the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
is walking down the court and starts doing several martial arts moves.
is then added to the kindling as she picks out small sticks and lights the fire.
fills her shaker up halfway with ice and then she adds vodka and chambord and she puts 1 perpatrick into the tiny glass with lime to continue drinking the beer.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
dintron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is talking about the benefits of being self sufficient for exercise.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
further explains benefits of the workout with an elliptical.
continues to talk about the difference between using the exercise machine and using a friend.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
uses his tools to rip off the excess paint, then runs his back up along the wall.
then jumps over the bar and is shown again in slow motion.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
open it again and puts something else into the middle of it.
also says to keep reading an email.
is then shown that there are benefits and
is then shown to get more information on this topic.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
uses a bowl to clean off the cookies while speaking to the camera.
puts the pan in the oven then takes it out to show off her chocolate ship cookies.
then does it again for one last time.
and take a break.
, a person surf on the waves created by the boat, after the man water ski jumping and flipping high.
, the toddler wash a dog in a bathtub pouring water with the shower hose. The toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt.
then rolls out the excess weight over his shoulder portion and let it hit the ground before jogging across the gym in a sprint.
holds the bell high before resting it on his chest.
are shown of the crowd cheering and showing the girls swimming successfully.
continues playing basketball while looking forward and stopping to speak.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is holding a person playing an acoustic guitar.
are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
girl holds out food to the camera while several others go outside.
continue mixing with one another while using their hands in the end.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play and dogs fetch around the man.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
wave at spectators, front and back.
put their mouth on a towel.
rub their faces together.
pick up the towel and wipe their face.
grab a cup and turn the sink on.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a boy rollerblading.
is outside pretending to be a hockey player.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
uses the trimmer to cut around the grass as he trims.
then runs down the track.
covers are lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
is narrating the action.
is give yourself a break till the movie time.
uses a grout tool to plaster down and lays hits the plaster down as well as plaster out.
and man reload their guns and take more turns.
pick up the boy in celebration.
falls out of the net and the game ends.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
resumes playing the violin for laugh.
begin to play the violin together.
falls off of the rope on the side along the side.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
squeezes through the tubes in the tunnel and then continue riding down the hill.
continues to play with another and ends by hitting a button on a device.
is seen again a bit more and continues running down the track while people clap and the man bounces some more.
see people bring bikes up a ramp.
stops to play all around and act really silly.
runs back and fourth while doing his routine.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
bring yarn to knit and talk about it a little bit.
continue to play numerous game of field hockey.
is bouncing up and down with sticks by her feet.
tapes the box, then lays it down gently on the table.
speak to her and blow dry her hair while she talks that leads into her flipping the hair and giving a sign on the way.
, the third time the person belongs is picked up and dropped off then he moves to another area to play again.
uses pocket sweepers to spray leaves off the windows.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
put on the boots that appear next to the tree.
takes the cone and wraps a gift carefully.
then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera.
pans around people playing and a pile of dirt.
are engaged in a game of curling.
continues to work on the first step by bending forward, and moving her feet.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
then runs around another man jumping in and playing with a sand pit and then jumps outside performing various different moves and techniques.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
puts his cone in front of the camera.
throws something at the boy with ice cream.
are shown on the screen of a game.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point.
continues wiping the baby and letting him out with her tongue.
holds up a rubik's cube.
helps her jump off and land on a mat.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
then has the girl sit down as she proceeds to braid her hair in long, thick pieces.
os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run.
walks to the court and score.
then wipes the face of the child with a towel.
shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice.
shows the sharpened knife that he will be sharpening.
has sharpened enough knives to make them bigger, he slides a smaller knife into a sharp one and starts sharpening it.
then sharpens the knife.
, the boys plays a game of dribbling.
performs batons in the air.
begins dancing while playing a set of drums.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
hops off the board into the street.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
see title screens with instructions.
grabs and guides the device.
then begins playing several songs while pausing in between.
tells viewers how her team is running and she hugs a cheerleader for showing her final moments.
speak to the camera.
transitions to a man and woman speaking about shoes.
then wets a cloth and scrubs the toothbrush on it.
continues playing the harmonica more.
is skateboarding in a sidewalk with peopl walking by.
are doing canoeing in the clear lake and are closing the distance.
is falling river and is waving to the camera.
lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down.
continues shaking the bar and ends by holding a pose in the end.
holes and touch the hole with the rod.
walks back to the hole to see if he caught anything but his hooks were nowhere near the hole.
fish out of the hole and attempts to catch some more.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
run around throwing the object around on the ground.
holds the other man's other arm while the competitors continue fighting around each other.
gets on the bike and starts working out.
works out on a slack line.
, raisings a blue barrel, sits down, grabs the barrel and begins to squeeze the stiff barrel hard and then lifts his hand casually up and down to flip the barrel, then lowers it like a discus and puts a lid on to keep the beer from getting out.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are several players holding tennis rackets using the tennis racket to return a serve from the other team.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
in white returns his serve and keeps it.
walk through the door.
applies padding to a basketball table.
then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight.
then lifts the weight up and down and pushes the weight side to side.
accidentally cuts the green onion and several shots of the cutting board, knife and its spot is shown.
scoops up a chunk and controls it with his fingers.
rubs his head and is relieved.
rearranges a garment.
see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together.
then put two bottles in a bag and tie it.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
