starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
swings and lands in her arms.
are driving the canoe, they go down the river flowing side to side.
gets in a mat.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
push a child in a speedboat in the water.
takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone.
eventually brings it back into view and adds it to the smaller ones to make a small triangular shaped piece.
uses a small brush to polish one of the stone pieces.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
takes the frog on his hand and tickles the back of it.
watching the boy and boy as they play a game of drums.
dips the ball and walks back with the boy and pours detergent into a cup again.
picks up another chocolate bar and chews it as she talks.
take turns jumping on each other like they are performing karate.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member cuts a piece of sunscreen.
plays the bagpipe and smiles and laughs as he enjoys the hospitality.
are shown and she misses a little bit of her swing.
, she begins to brush her lips and make painted lips look just like a lipstick to the camera and ends with her closing gift and instruction showing her off at the end.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
laughs at the children dribbling water.
then wipes its paw on its ear.
eventually throw the arrow, but it flew into the gravel is near the targets.
starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
is slowly starting to look really really nice, once he is completely finished the yard looks great, nice and smooth.
is on ocean and swimming in white water snapping his head.
see four cookies in a pan.
see a black screen with the credits.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
take a flute together and then begin to play the harmonica using it to play the tune.
rush walks up in front of the boys, removes a small piece of paper from the bottom of the table, puts a hand on the machine and wrestles with buttons, turns the machine off and pushes a button inside to turn the game back on.
gets up together and poses with their vests to celebrate.
in grey sweater and black pants talks about the procedures on grooming dogs in life and techniques.
is seen using shears to creatively trim the dog's hair and even dye it in colorful shades of red, green, yellow and blue.
, the woman gives ice cream to the child, and then the woman cleans the child's mouth.
tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.
man in a blue shirt is watching one of the men.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
a person polish the fingers, then the person puts a black polish.
started dancing, swirling, shaking their hips, rotating, their arms and hands are moving from side to side, in front.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
plays harp and flute while two other people play instruments next to him.
plays the hip hop and dance moves with the band.
are shown of people riding up a mountain on skis while being pulled down by a rope.
march around a room wearing funny hats, hats, and shoes.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast cross the pommel horse with the long rope while performing handsprings.
is pushing a kress of water in a lake while instructing his boarder.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by. the woman continues just playing with the tunes she made.
woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by. The woman sees the harmonica playing man in the distance. she
finishes playing and remains seated.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
takes his clothes off and hangs them up before throwing his plaid shirt into the laundry.
is reeling in a fish for a long time.
more fish and throws them to the side.
continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
pops, and a child in white attempts to hit the pinata, but fails.
pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him.
continues playing the violin and beginning to intermittently move the sticks up and down.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
adds flour to a baking pan.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby clothing. the woman
places a pair of pants into a bucket.
quickly picks up and irons, flames dancing over the clothing.
starts hitting objects on an item.
strokes the cat's head.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
is still serving the baton, she places the extension on her left hand and does a full 180 degree spin in one flip.
is a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off the floor to finish her performance.
cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
pumps a large weight over his head. Another man is filming it. The same man comes back and lifts the weight over his head again. he
gives her several tips and she continues creating darts.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water.
belly flops on some grass before a newscaster announces the story.
then puts lotion in both of her hands and rubs them along your knees while the instructor washes them.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
pokes the vacuum nozzle in the top seam of the vacuum cleaner and adds fuel to it while still keeping the vacuum nozzle up.
gets up and starts brushing the blade.
slices a tomato on a wood block with the knife.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
pulls the ball up on the court while still speaking to the camera.
reading a book demonstrates how to use the bottle in the bathroom.
crosses parallel, then stand on all fours above, and on his arms then jump.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
finally lifts the weight over his head over his own head.
gets in front of them tugging and pushing the man.
then heat paint and paint more followed by smoke and zzing.
jump and skydive into the water at various speeds, tossing each other around.
push the cups of at the sea floor and the sea floor begins to rise.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see a fin enter the camera.
bottoms out in the pool.
puts a pants and a shirt into the sink and dries off.
camera pans to people watching the game.
pans between the playing couples.
pick up sticks and start the match, alternating back and forth.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
kept one arm raised up and the surfer in front of him raise his left arm.
are seen drilling holes as well as swimming around in the water.
jumps up and down grabbing her socks rubbing on the dog from time to time.
, the male hits the violin just once, get the pitch.
walks across the court with the ball and keeps walking then pulling the girls to the other side of the court and the girls begin playing volleyball rhythmically rolling on the floor as the coach helps them follow how to properly do things.
uses a paintball gun on his child.
is mopping a floor while blindfolded.
takes a bucket, large hose and goes in the sink with it.
continues scrubbing the mop with another spray and the boy walks back.
then jumps onto a tennis ball that is positioned in between a set of net and a larger setting of tables on which are arranged various rackets and vegetables as well as various sticks.
bounces and throws the ball evenly evenly to continue the game of tennis against the two balls.
returns with a third serve.
is waxing a small black horse as rolls his croquet stick.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then throws a ball down the snow and another person stands on a ladder and catches the ball.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, he cuts a slice in two and put them in a pan.
fall, others are shown as well.
gives a kiss to a man and then look at a table a woman is using, then a woman shows something white on an tin.
, two men fight sand with an accordion while a man help him pretend.
gets a brush that is attached to a pole and starts to move and gets a zip line out of that hole.
in three suits throws the fish down the lake onto the water while the other man at the lower depth touches the fish.
is a man in a blue suit standing in front of them with a thick rope around his neck.
then wipes his face.
, the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are sitting in buckets on a blanket on the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
are skiing down a snowy hill.
then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
shows how to put a hole in a wall using a drill.
played tennis ball with another person.
finally dressed in a black shirt walked over and joined the men talking about the tennis racket.
finishes and gets up.
resumes playing the violin.
holds a harmonica between his hands a plays the song.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
of swimming are in the swimming pool watching him play the violin.
zooms back out to show the well laid tires.
are shown standing next to a woman with fish on a wheel, laughing.
A woman in an orange shirt is sitting on an exercise machine. she
moves away as the man is pushed back up by the water.
uses a big paddle to pull people that fall.
is washed first gently with soap.
is a clean car wash video.
washer is applied and the wash sheet is spread out on the floor.
are shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away makeup.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
is sitting in the bushes watching the woman.
shows off how many he has in his coat and continues talking.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
puts on hair gel and brushes on her face.
woman is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
fall down as they attempt to make the jump.
them a carton of milk, estes laughs and their mom feeds the boy.
inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
are covered hip hop and dressed in purple and red leotards as the individual rhythmically spins around.
swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
march the sled back and forth creating holes as they go.
flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up.
play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other.
throws the ball into the net and makes it all the way to the other side.
see a gym with teenagers shooting basketball.
see man pull back the cup and drop a dart down the grass.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
A boy skateboard on a road jumping and flipping the skateboard in the street. a skateboard
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
laughs at the camera while holding a can of herself and the man.
starts to wash the clothes with both hands.
adds more soap using two different bottles to the sink.
grabs fabric to dry the clothes and shows how they fit him comfortably.
runs and claps his hands together.
runs and catches frisbee.
see a guy hold a blue frisbee in the air and tell that the dog has a pink frisbee and we see its pink feet.
is running around catching the frisbee the lady throws.
see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air.
immediately shits in pain while having a hard time catching the frisbee.
takes turns quickly, mowing the lawn.
backs up slowly to cut the lawn.
, leads into a dirt track.
is sitting in front of a small sketched machine that is beginning to cook something and holds an egg over it that she adds onto the plate.
at the bottom come back at her and she puts the white paper in the at the bottom and makes an x below it for a while.
makes it to the end of the lawn, she stops, takes a deep breath, gets off her horse and walks away.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
wins and knocks the other down.
take turns as they volleys the puck around in the air.
are together in a diving pool, putting on mask.
head towards the ball.
are placed into a glass of liquid and cut along skin.
cut a purple towel and a piece of paper.
takes a sponge and scrubs an arm using the sponge.
sled sides a lake of water on horses next to a bridge of boats.
long jump are shown as well as several presentations give a brief description of the game and leads into people scoring goals and all laughing together.
of people playing are shown while more paper towels are passed all around.
takes the lip stick out of her mouth while in the bathroom and begins brushing her teeth while still speaking into the camera.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns off and continues mowing the lawn with green topped green grass surpassing the stilts.
then takes a pair of scissors and cut the wall paper and shreds it with a tool to shape it and then slips it onto the floor.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, two women appear playing crochet and the woman introduces that she is the woman who has made the first cut on the wall.
still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
are shown with a game ending in screens and then paper going and people sitting around the table.
walks out while wearing a tutu in the parade while others walk on front.
soldier carries a long shovel that blow leaves in the wind.
is standing in front of a car and is playing them from the bottom of his shoe watching the people driving the cars around.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
in a blue shirt watches him.
goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information.
picks up her violin and continues to talk before she starts to play it and stops.
puts her hands on her head while talking for the camera and a few more well placed shots play.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
then paints the floor with buckets of paint and he uses several buckets to paint the room.
adds a coat of brown paint to the chair and sprays it over the wooden chair.
ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic.
then grabs pink lip stick and takes the girl's lip stick.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
wipes her lips with a napkin.
climbs down the slide and begins performing tricks with his skateboard.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
clamp a strap on the bike and let it sit around a dusty bike rack.
bike gets down on one knee, the people then fasten the seat with safety bars.
starts and the people are creating a frame on it.
beats the cymbals and drums very fast.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
picks up several bags of flowers on top of the flower bed.
pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
then finishes on a long horizontal cut.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is in stairs ice climbing and here is a man catching trash in the woods and the boys are in the road getting fixed.
falls off his board as he performs several tricks.
picks up a cherry cone.
is holding a tire in a child's playground.
is getting a pit bull purse and f are standing on the top of the rock.
then uses scraper to polish the shoe while still speaking and cutting with sharp edges.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are sitting on a beach at a party.
continues her climb as the man holds up sticks and follows her down each way until she reaches the bottom.
also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
are showing all the steps in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point.
's a player in a blue and white uniform shooting the ball for a point and scoring a goal.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
stay on the stage with the violinist and dance in a salsa style.
, the man accelerates and spins and kicks.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam two times.
rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again.
are shown of the athletes performing tricks in various stretches as well as throwing a ball off into the distance.
grabs the barbell, turns it around and hooks it up.
throw it and another woman joins.
's a young man dressed in a blue polo wo, green shirt and black trousers standing at the polo table rubbing a green coated straw.
is pulling off his jockey shorts.
, a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
falls and is briefly submerged.
see people running in a gym.
then see the man jump at 6'2 " and he knocks the pole over.
holds a ball on a chain.
turns to face right.
flashes into black giving the man a face show.
starts running toward the ball, and it knocks him down on the ground.
take positions next to each other and prepare for a play, the teens jog around each other standing on the court and kicking the ball to each other in a gymnasium.
, three more boys run to practice the same steps.
wearing black santa claus suit give the ball to one of the young teens who take it, while his mother pushes the round ball to the other direction.
, the young man wearing a yellow t-shirt practice basketball on the other basketball goal.
jumps at the end and runs towards a beam with arms up before jumping up and down.
shows playing and changing notes.
picks up the violin and begins to demonstrate how to play a song on it.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
transitions into him laying in bed as he plays.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
pushes himself on the water while the boat speeds up.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
shows off her rag and blow dryer while the dog mops the area around her.
changes to him jumping again in the same spot.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
's done, a person standing in front of her gives her a thumbs up and cheers for her.
, the man lifts a weight of 101 kg successfully.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
begins to use a fast sort of machine that moves swiftly and gracefully.
then display the results of the spin class.
runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat.
track athlete runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat. the athlete
lifts the weight up to his chest and jumps back down to grab it off the ground.
then joins the girl on the mat and begins hitting the red ball he is playing with.
jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it against his shoulder.
pops a silicone in her mouth and a piercing appears followed by her face's face.
then opens a hand mirror and tubs a wet cloth, which she pours into her mouth and animates.
then fills the sponge and the boy rub them along his skin while the girl brushes it down.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area.
appears and the couple horses are shown individually, in different amounts, in different locations, and then slides down to the bottom on the table where a sign informs viewers how they should get on the horse to prepare for a ride in the saddle and the camera shakes in disbelief and disbelief.
places the hands back into the dessert.
scratches his chin.
eventually is seen applying a gel and being shaved.
lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
pumps up a weight. He lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
women with her hair up in a towel
applies a moisturizer to her face while dancing around.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are in, he starts to run and do his first throw.
, the man finish playing and leaves, then he leave with his face in between his hands.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
A young boy has a long stick in had and is pushing a puck across a white triangle with numbers in it.
piercing drill is in her lip and she is getting a piercing.
are shown entering the arena and playing rock paper scissors.
in swimsuits are walking on the tight rope on the beach.
's a boy on the end of the rope getting attached to a higher rope.
allows the dog an electric bath, then she takes the dog outside.
is a dog in a cart, other people are helping her as she gets ready to bath the dog in the water.
takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
takes a thoroughly wet dog and wets him with the water and rubs the fur all over.
is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body.
is running around the dog with wet fur too.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
's done, he shows off a close up shot before throwing in a print and showing the finished product.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
help plant the areas while moving around wheel barrows and planting plants while still speaking to the camera.
is seen swimming in a fishlike manner under the water.
, the man shake hands with a man in a boat and leaves the sailboat.
does a layup on his stomach.
are playing a really good game, one of the girl lands right on her stomach.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance, then he flips and lands in the gym next to other men.
then see her from the backs as she is getting ready with her hair down.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
is gently taking the dog's hair.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
pushes another ice cream cone into her mouth.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
woman picks up a ball that falls onto the ground. the girl
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
begin walking on the bridge again and the sexy figure moves the cups on table, while more persons switch places, and they all move their cups around, intermittently, with the woman in the middle.
struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
follows the men down the path.
is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate.
have given each other a high five, they hold out the no off sign after each other's initial victory.
lifts the side tire of the mower, and then rolls it onto the grass.
shows how to use her took cards to model the woman's nails.
seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
slides over a large rock and then slams into the ice.
gets on his hands and knees to dig the hole.
's a scoop of ice cream and he eats it and grabs a small shovel.
one holds a fish over the hole and once he gets it down he swims towards the camera.
opens her mouth and a drop of eat the ice cream all over her face.
are just enjoying the ice cream very much.
are in a tunnel together, with various floral designs shown in larger picture.
talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.
are beverages in a rainbow colored bowl, while a person drizzles oil down from a sieve.
are getting ready to start a race.
begins and people run very fast.
shows that the race begins and people run very fast. Several people get interviewed during the race.
spins a ball under the yellow cones.
then play a game of soccer with one another, running up and down the sandy field while coaches yell on the side and a goal is blocked.
shows off a series of leads on how he becomes a professional wrestler.
then picks up some tagine and puts that on the screen, words flash across.
is also seen sitting on a bench speaking to a woman who begins to pass the pitcher back and fourth.
are shown playing guitar while the man plays more drums.
is also enjoying herself dancing with another male and she seems very into what she's doing.
are walking around as they play together, as if they are in sync and hoping the opponent will call a halt.
moves around the crushed grass on his lawn mower.
are more close up shots of knife sharpening tools and taking them off the counter and putting the squares in the pockets.
then throwing in the machine mix.
cut a little oval shaped stone to shape, then clean the stone before putting it back into its proper place.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
run, they pass two teams of players who have long lines and a large number of spectators watching or cheering them on.
from numerous small kids, there is another man on the street while some other people still sport marmalade from their garbage.
, the streaker finish on time with the wave of his hand and walks off.
begins performing various tricks in the water while moving their arms and legs around.
raises it up to his face.
kneels down and puts what he is raking on the ground.
cuts the grass fully and uses a tool to pierce the various holes.
she takes her blades and cuts up some of the grass that she sliced.
put the ladies on their shoulders and flip them into the air and spin then do arm wrestling as people run running up.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
shows how to create a chart showing the relationship between two variables.
falls into the water and recovers.
bounce and flip over a wobbly bar onto a mat.
push bulls around on each other while trampling them.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
tubes are filled with limes and a plate of limes.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
jumped and landed on the gray mat, then the man walked and lay on the mat, then climbed on top.
is pushed through by a silver cart carrying some lawn tools.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
flips and falls onto flat sand.
enters the pan and starts cooking.
is pulling a large shark out of its hole in the ice.
are shown riding on the dune horses as they complete their journey and come face to face with their opponent on the dune horses.
images of athletes from different sports appear as a result as they jet f hand through elaborate stunts and techniques.
on individuals backwards while maintaining his cement soles.
are in a court in front of lightweight balls and making areas for putting the ball on the court.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
run around the court and run back to it.
does a trick high on his bar, performs a fast warm up run, flames appear in his footwork and the first man offers him a number of times on trampoline till he reaches the end and drinks a lime.
walk in and out of frame polishing different surfaces of the bathroom, brushing their nails, and making cracks.
, the girl takes a rain squeezer and washes her face that is clean and little by little.
places a bowl of the lemons into the water and raise the lemon above the sink and then pours water on the lemons.
pops the lemons with a straw.
are sitting on the sidelines watching the game.
lifts his foot up to brush the shoe.
begin punching and kicking each other.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is practicing wrestling in a gym.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins cutting a piece of fruit and measuring it with several bottles.
breasts is standing in the room talking.
uses an electric knife sharpener to sharpen the knife.
points and sits next to the knife down.
spits it out onto his hand.
a woman is taking a drink from a glass.
is seen a a distance away.
is using a blue pump to pump blood into his feet.
, she jumps, spins and flip making the splits while the man watches.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
then installs a new roof.
is performing a song on a flute.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
then zooms in and can see the holes he just sprayed them with.
dies down, a small piece of paper is shown.
jacks up the boot and then puts it back on the table.
then sail the boat across a river.
take a ladder to board the boat on their backs.
he begins to add and clip to the tire on his car.
is bent on his knees and suddenly he jumps up to his feet, but keeps his knees bent while he squats low to the ground continuing to talk.
then puts his two hands on the ground, and pushes his feet back to go back on his knees and demonstrates one more time how he jumps from his knees to his toes.
is on his knees in the snow and he is pulling fish from a little hole using a string.
is playing a game of croquette.
are standing around a bowl picking up balls.
take turns putting their dog down.
shows and puts more contact lenses into her eyes.
is using a squeegee to wipe a shoe.
are shown on cornatwo of racetrack high on sticks.
race down the hills, making fast jumps into the sand.
see a man laying tiles a wall at a plant garden and laying tile again in an open field.
finishes while business cards are laying on the table.
takes the plastic covered pumpkin and picks up a small knife and using it cuts the legs off of the pumpkin.
shows another pumpkin and puts wax on it then cleans it and puts more wax on it.
continues to surf and seems to have a great self control as he continues to do various jumps and tricks along the grass.
are shown and the man on the lawnmower gives one more wave with his left hand.
form a giant circle and begin to race each other.
rides past cars at a quick pace and performs several tricks and flips.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
starts hit by the ball.
start performing cheer roping on a fake stage while many watch from the stands.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering to the camera.
track a ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
take turns one after the other shooting hoops.
play a game of skiing.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
is washing his hands in the sink.
warm-ups together with karate moves and kicks.
starts knee to knee with the woman on the front.
is running fast and the people behind keep up with his pace.
back and fourth while the man hits the strings.
begins playing the violin.
of players jumping from a boat into the sand are shown.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
pulls in the last string, he makes sure he has a good bend seated inside the weeds, grabs a rake then slivers the top of the hedge.
lower a hose into a cup.
are walking in the street watching the guy playing violin.
uses the barbel on the wall.
the lettuce leaves are chopped into slices, the woman lays slices of the lettuce onto a plate and puts tin foil inside.
jumps off of the pony and catches a running dog.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on a piece of equipment.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pushs a fish to the bottom of the hole.
takes a fish out of the hole.
ride around the sidewalk and push down at the bottom of the trash can while laughing to the camera.
continues skating around on the skate boards.
jumps onto the bar.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
also runs with a javelin on his back on a sunny day.
is talking he is also being held by being shirtless, and is showing off the number 678 alongside the elliptical opposite him that continues to display the number 779.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
swims up to the bait and grabs it as the man reels it in.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
takes a pause and then begins playing a song and the lyrics to the song appears at the bottom as well as the notes above them.
jumps onto a set of double ramps.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
is standing outside with a bag of wood from the garage and a lighter in a bag at his feet swinging around a woodpile.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
is standing next to a saddle on a back porch with a white hose in hand.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
, she swings the bat at the pinata and she hits the candy out of there, then she takes the blindfold off and swings the bat again getting more candy out.
slowly lifts his weight doing squats on front a barbell and looking back down after he's done lifting it.
lifts the barbell above his head.
uses a hand squeegee to train the toy truck and holds it extended for inspection until the toys are empty.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears with black letters below and we see a white screen with white words on it at the bottom of it and it says how to get it from the register with an online purchase screen.
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
woman is seen bending forward grabbing onto a set of weights. she
is eating cereal in a bowl.
looks away and licks the cone.
then begins demonstrating how to use the basketball to hit a ball while still speaking to the camera.
straight across the basket with a forward momentum.
are shown on what appears to be a ski lift.
talks while playing a front row home on his skateboard as even more tricks are shown and narrates.
waves its front paw at the camera.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
stares blankly at it.
jump off of a bridge onto a large rock.
fish with long poles in the water.
take one and start wiping the bottom of the shoe.
give a kiss on the end and let go.
then scrapes the blade over a rock and shows how to properly wrap it around his leg.
pumps up a fish as his parents watch him pull it in. he gets one and walks over for a bite.
performs a long jump and receives his second point.
begin a race during a crowded track.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
jumps into a bucket of water and lays on it.
are then seen at various rafts rafting.
women begin cooking something into a pan, then around the food, having it made straight out from scratch.
boys clap for them and a mixture of everything disappears.
shapes the mix from the bowl into lumps and places them on a baking sheet.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
take a glass o milk then chug it.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
fetchs a kickball and throws it at a goal.
walk in and out of frame while he plays, pausing for a side view and others getting closer.
bends over as the person drives the lawnmower.
puts a tack on a black, and then the dogs run by.
see a forearm showing and the word cutter under a black line.
are shown the polish and prep display.
are standing next to the strong waves.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man moves jumping the buckets to reach large bushes.
, the man rake some more leaves on the grass until whole.
demonstrates how to mix the butter and flour in a blender to blend the dough.
adds the mixes of other ingredients into the dough.
some more mix, she cuts out shapes to plated and lays out it in bowls and makes a small foil fit over them.
seeds a cookie inside the cookie then puts them inside a rolled up package.
are done, she takes a plate and runs them in water.
prepares to perform a high dive off a stair stepper but it slides but slips.
then lifts himself up to grab the bar using both legs and then he jumps onto his arms and holds it for a little bit missing his feet.
, the woman jumps the chair.
makes a sweat log, then he does the same, after the woman begins to mow around the yard area, the boy come on to help.
screws something into the bottom of a plastic bag.
are seen jumping rope while others cheer on and stand around.
in a brown pine chair has his legs attached and other people in the studio are also attached to his legs having to walk on artificial legs.
on a red horse killed a bull and the bull ran after the matador.
storm opposite a bull.
then ties the strings on the bike while still speaking furiously to the camera and is seen pushing himself along the side.
, a long piece of braided yarn inside, and a little black pail full of apples on a table sitting next to a long wooden bench in front of a white wall on metal, metal table, wooden table, wooden bench, beanbag chairs, wooden kitchen countertop and glass red shade top sponge and white bowl full of chopped apples and green strawberries.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
holds a lemon while pouring it into one of the large bowls.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
places the mug into a container.
the individual mixes some water into the mug. The individual squeezes lemons into the mug.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
plays a large keyboard, strumming on the keys and pausing intermittently.
is thrown far and the camera moves right.
who is in black is running and served the ball.
pumps up the ball. The man with red shorts serves the ball. The man serves the ball again.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
waves his arms for animation.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
grabs some fish and gets in the water and puts it in a hole.
pull out a large fish and pose with it.
practices on running with his dog.
are shown that include squashing a ball with a racket at each ball.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
then completes the high jump successfully.
holds a pink tube that she lights up to smoke.
puts makeup on her face.
, a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
move out of the net, resulting in their loss in a pit of mud.
takes the weight off his shoulders.
continue to push and kick the man's hands while other boys practice in the background.
celebrate and are seen diving off of a diving board into a pool.
are wrestling in punches and kicking in a ring of mats in front of judges.
in a dress is sitting on the ring sitting on feet kickboxing with each other.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
pumps up a cup of mouthwash and pours it into his mouth.
holds a knife sharpener and rubs the knife up and down the sharpener.
is swinging on a yellow rope while jumping around.
finally fade the cheerleaders enter the pit, make a pile and cheer continuously.
the women continue to hop and spin while the man in the red jacket hold up a flag.
takes a drink of the cup.
give each other high fives.
give each other high fives.
drop into a pile on the mat.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is pushing tiles with a tool.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is shown on stage, and a man is quickly playing a violin.
instantly playing a violin. the other instruments
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is dispensed from a bottom drawer end glass.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
blows leaves from the window of the living room with a hand blowing leaves from the window and the chair.
uses a round piece of rubber to clean the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned. the person shows the brush bristles now browned.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
will flow into a small bowl inside the circle.
touch a doll's breast.
sprays lotion onto the shoe.
places the knife and the elongated sharpener on the counter top.
starts an ironing machine.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
then moves around the ground doing swaying motions.
brushes the floor with his hands.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
is lifting weights with his left hand while sitting still.
presents the fish to the camera as well as speak to the camera and continue to grab and hold up fish.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are now falling off the roof and they're in a big pile like logs.
shows a little distance being taken for a redo and now it shows a young lady putting screws into an old base and putting glue.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
moves her hands around while holding onto the lens and leads into her demonstrating how to put one in your eye.
takes a test, she shakes them to see how much they will like the curls.
irons the bottom layer of her hair that doesn't have rollers on there and when the roolers cool off she takes them out.
then jumps on top and begins running down the track.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
applauds for his run in australia at the olympic event.
on the track becomes a golden retriever.
of still shots of the man smiling with another man looking on, the man receiving a medal for the long jump, another replay of the jump and a final scoreboards are displayed.
in the middle runs up to the end of it and pulls it back.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
are cars's tires and license plates laid out for inspection.
glide down a path from a line.
cheers and waves their arms.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
pushs a scrub into a bowl and rubs it all over various areas.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
stands in the middle of the camel while walking at a rapid pace as she jumps and flips herself on the camel.
is showing the waters depths growing ever so gradually while cars pass by in front of.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
then walks over and picks up one he was sharpening.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
cuts away pieces of the ice and tightens the hole.
pulls out a white fish and uses wire cutters to drill holes into it.
steps in and washes that bucket while still looking up and washing the bucket on his own and ends by speaking into a microphone.
jumps up and begins performing a routine on the bars.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
is practicing in a gym while he holds a bottle of mouthwash.
uses the selfie stick to paint himself and a couple of other people around him.
shows himself in the snow skiing down the snowy slopes.
is shown kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
is now running and jumping over the pole that is now 6 feet high, he clears it like he did all the other heights and once again it replays.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
runs and now he's jumping 6'4 feet high but unfortunately he knocks the pole off and as soon as he realizes it he gets up and is very disappointed in himself.
then flips off of the bike, and lays in a crumpled heap on the ground.
runs a machine over the car.
pumps the sponge in foam on the cars tires.
begin to stuff the truck with boxes of clothing, which are being thrown on to the ground before they start to wrestle the wrestlers with blankets and rope.
then see the play sequence of a play scene from a justin bieber video.
is in a particular static configuration bordering the mat for a moment, he jumps then quickly swings, and successfully bounces the bar.
returns, but the jump is pointless, he still has practice, and he has never done it.
is better, he falls off and almost regains his balance.
are throwing a frisbee for the dog.
, it is girls hit a pinata.
A woman is bent over holding a weight bar. She picks the weight up and holds it at her shoulders. she
girl in a shopping cart is eating an ice cream cone. kids
pushes a robot robot on a gym floor and the men practice arm wrestling.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
's moves are done, he drops two balls on the ground before piling them.
in sidewalk skateboarding around, doing tricks and making jumps.
reads between the lines and narrates the video.
is finished licking its paw, the dried off part of its fur and off of its black nails.
then lifts its right paw and scratches his right ear and then licks that paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
is done grooming itself and it just sits still.
catch a large fish and pull it out of the hole.
shows a bottle of powder then places it in his shoe.
picks up a high top pair and wipes it off with the same wet towel.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, the child slope down the ice to get to the hole.
then runs to the end and walks back to the starting point.
are in a garage playing billiards.
is interviewed and two men are interviewed.
see a person add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a man lift a bowling ball.
takes a huge leap through the air.
are ready, the mother adds the baked cookies to the oven and after puts the cookies in a frying pan and stirs the cookies.
're done in the oven, they have another batch baked and their dad has a plate to take off next.
push their backs against a cliff.
sits down and demonstrates how to properly properly work out on a bench.
takes it for some reason and then shows a different size using the bar.
pans to show a group of children in a rough and tumble forest area.
on horses wait, then the man attached a camel to a grain cart.
tries to ride the camel but the camels legs just keep kicking.
gets down and began shoveling the snow and snow and holding up water.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
comes into the kitchen and pours some water on to a milk jug from a small window.
drops, paste, mayonnaise, lettuce and bread onto the lettuce and red tomato.
is pulling saran wrap out.
finishes and takes out her purse and pulls out a tissue.
is mixing salad into a sparkly glasses, and talking about the whole haircut business.
plays with her hair and then prolly applies makeup.
shows the ingredients required for the drink.
pours all of the ingredients into a bell shaped brown pot that has soap inside.
she grabs a cup and places it on her lap as she greats from the glass.
then adds a few drops of sugar.
then cuts up a potato and shows the woman how to peel it and shows off the final product as well as taking the potato out and speaking to the camera.
is pushing a lawn mower.
climbs a ladder and looks at a roof.
cuts tiles for a house to look clean.
man climbs a ladder and looks at a roof. A man goes through a stack of papers.
cuts his fingers and plays intensely as he plays on the harmonica.
falls onto the mat.
man throws pieces of wood into a pile. Chairs at the camp site are shown. a man
play a game of table tennis by the fire.
hold out bowls and pans in to one another and point to one another.
picks up an additional burden of weight up and drops it on the other man.
films him with a pan in a living room while he speaks.
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
prepares an exercise equipment and goes front of the bike so he can talk to the camera.
then grabs a spare tire and continues grinding the tiny parts together.
, the woman has accidents while running and then she continues to jog.
shows her how to reach the finish line.
raise her arms when cross the finish line.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
uses the mop to push all the hair away from his face.
moves around the counter the floor sweep the points near the stove.
mops the center of the kitchen floor.
then pierces the girl's ear.
A woman walks up to the girl and wipes her earlobes. The woman then pierces the girl's ear.
then plays a little piano and sits down to smoke away while continuing to speak and play.
are swimming in the frozen lake.
are patiently sitting with their fishing rods till they fish out mid size fish from the holes.
then sit for a little while and wait to get caught.
takes a shining knife, then cut the fish's legs off into the ice.
use a polka dot brush to clean the scales.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
can be seen swimming around and smiling to the camera.
puts the cone under the boy's nose then in his mouth.
walks the child and a friend to the swimming pool.
hands the woman the brush and blow dryer.
takes the brush take from the mans hand and wets her hair.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
switches to a man talking whose name is trevor brazile and it flashes from him talking and then to clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he is also wrangling a small calf.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
now playing in arenas with horse bites.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then kneels down and fills a bucket with sand.
of scuba diving he talks and the forseti on the screen shows his location as the man takes time out sitting in a boat.
continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
continuously offer white roses to the man as well as small gifts and a purple shears.
pans around the rest of the yard and leads into a lady putting paper all over his windshield.
moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole.
pulls the fish out of the hole.
pulls a rod out of the hole.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
stands up and spins her body, demonstrating some gymnastics moves.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play.
pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
is shown climbing a horse back into the room and changing to riding a horse while performing tricks.
then resumes speaking to the crowd and pointing off into the distance.
pretend to scour the windows.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
run around the circle surrounding one another as well as dancing, throwing a man into the air and celebrating.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
moves around in a circle on his head and spins.
plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.
brushes the instrument's red owner.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
passes the violin on to the person using each key.
pumps and displaying to the camera two little black turns around 5'10 " and begins jogging down the course.
uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.
are practicing blow drying her hair.
has her four funnel cakes and is warming up for her cone.
speaks their hot eights while the bald man talks for a bit.
jump on top and harness up.
spin around in the air and throw their hands up.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
finishes, the girl moves closer to the camera on her knees while holding a cylindrical object, and then straightens her legs out and stops her bow.
skiis, a small mountain gorilla appears.
, the man makes it to the last slope before another man appears on his gloves and nobody notices.
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
wearing a helmet and hooded sweatshirt runs beside the other dirty or dirty bikers, followed by his younger body of sea-wort that hangs from trees from his chest.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
shovels up the dirt from the side yard down.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole.
is done, the man takes off so fast the lawn mower resumes mowing again before stopping and holding out his hand and ending the video.
shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
is impressed sitting by the pool and have her hands on her face.
is talking about the argument between mike tyson of swansboro and smith of egg plants.
continue to mix ingredients together in pots and pans and finally eat all the food on the table.
jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
laughs while trying to eat the ice cream.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
lower the weights over their heads again.
moves on, waving at one another.
al saddles is through a ramp and waves to the camera.
are shown taking a break in the river.
then uses an one inch razor to shave her legs.
gets on front a woman.
takes the soap clean out of the water as she's smiling to the camera.
then jumps to the padded area and throws up her hands, and a man gives her a hug.
then uses a scraper while the tile is being pulled away by a crane.
is standing in front of an exercise wheel with a child sitting on top of his head, the kid waskanda thumbs in the mouth and the child throws the kid off and drinks water.
shows examples that include carpet fibers, glue, fans and aluminum.
shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
screws his mouth shut and spits it out.
smiling man in sunglasses opens mouthwash and gargles.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
places a cloth on a branch as he cuts.
in a red shirt is practicing dribbling and hitting the ball with a stick.
is then added to the kindling as she picks out small sticks and lights the fire.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
puts a quarter ounce of jack danels and she shakes it and then she pours a garnish into the shaker, then she adds a drop of jack from the shaker to it and glides it right on to the opposite rim.
dintron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is talking about the benefits of being self sufficient for exercise.
continues talking about the benefits of her elliptical.
continues explaining the mechanics and features, but the lady in the red shirt gets distracted for a little bit.
moves back and fourth while the machine explains how to removed the elliptical section.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
pans around the girls playing with one another while juggling balls and leads into one catching a puck and shaking hands.
wraps the wall with yellow paper then cuts it with his ker tool.
is getting what looks to be expert help from someone and he is smiling a lot.
then throws a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
gets finished quickly, then a video of a woman in a sweater is shown and then individual cut hair is displayed on the screen as she continues talking.
shows up with a picture of a man and a woman that are close up a better picture of a yogurt cup.
rolls down the lawn mowing path making turns and turns around.
mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan.
washes the dough with a sponge and then cuts it into bite size pieces.
pumps a man in red runs jumps and flips over an obstacle. It is done over and over in slow motion. he
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, more people take off their clothing and do half jumps in the river.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
jumps the high bar with both sneakers.
are shown of kids swimming and leads into a girl grabbing objects under water and swimming with another.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
of a cat is shown.
is holding a person playing an acoustic guitar.
are shown playing a game of tug of war.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
throws balls with dogs on the field while the dog plays fetch with other dogs.
has the dog back to play fetch with the dog while the dog keeps chasing after the frisbee.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
wave at spectators, front and back.
dig in and clean large puddles from the floor.
take another drink out of a cup. They put their mouth on a towel. they
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
grab makeup brushes and hold them up.
interviews several runners and ends with her leading a world cup.
see a kitchen and a doctor.
falls across the other seat.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
picks up the newly trimmed patch of grass and starts trimming it.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
is cleaned, the men move towards the back spraying the vehicle and come back to spray rim and go back to the trunk to get all of the spots.
is lifts a heavy laundry basket to his chest and lobs it to a pile of leaves on do fwalk.
is a fire going around the yard on the back yard.
manipulates the objects and applies plaster around the corners and vigorously pokes holes and mortar chips.
pushs the billiard stick through the dirt and speaks to the man.
A boy and a man take turns playing billiards while a crowd watches. The man wipes his face with a towel. The boy wins and the crowd cheers.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
uses the razor to clean and shave a cat on her leg.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
takes the violin back and that girl plays until her dad comes over to show her the proper pro-soprano positions to play the violin.
begin to play the violin together.
family pulls their inter tubes along by hand and the top of the hill. a person
then parts and all the neighborhood are on a slack line doing parallel jumps being pulled by the inter tube during his skiing vacations.
then rides together floating through a tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues hitting the ball around while another walks in and jumps on his back.
springs back into the air and lands a high jump into another mans arms in slow motion while the audience claps and the man stands and walks away.
see an image of a man on a machine.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
jumps up exuberantly, celebrating as the crowd cheers.
also motion out towards the audience and a little girl runs by out of the camera frame.
there is a boxer wearing white pants and standing in black boxing gloves standing then he swords with another boxer who very easily is his size.
bring yarn to knit and talk about it a little bit.
continue to play numerous game of field hockey.
begins hand drying her hair.
grabs an egg and circles it with a silver marker.
speak to her and blow dry her hair while she talks that leads into her flipping the hair and giving a sign on the way.
that another guy plugs into the playmate.
uses pocket sweepers to spray leaves off the windows.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
put on the boots that appear next to the tree.
then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other's watch.
then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera.
pans around people playing and a pile of dirt.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
then stand still and each takes turns running down a different road several times as the people watching continue to laugh and then come back down the road in the end.
then runs around another man jumping in and playing with a sand pit and then jumps outside performing various different moves and techniques.
holds the arm of another girl who runs down the track while many watch on the sidelines.
flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
puts his cone in front of the camera.
teases him with a quick bite of the cone.
are shown on the screen of a game.
then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end.
on horses run fast through the finish line, and then a derby takes place.
thenshaves a face while the child still shows the sister wiping it's face and ends by looking around the camera.
holds up a rubik's cube.
then jumps and swings with her legs.
is seen with a young girl as she speaks.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run.
make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same.
smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel.
shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
lady sharpens a knife on a rod. The lady puts water on a black sharpener block. the lady
, the preteen girls play pretend basketball.
dumps her arms out a little bit and then dumps her wand right back in.
shows a bottle in her hand.
holds a bottle of mouthwash and shakes it in her hand.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
jumps off the board into the street.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
in a blue shirt claps.
A lady runs past both ways then jumps rope behind the man.
shows the screen on the machine.
then begins playing the harmonica throughout the entire song and ends by adding a bow.
appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
talk while demonstrating jumps and flips.
transitions to the woman speaking to the camera, finished with a title screen and the interview.
then finishes the brush and straightens his hair.
finishes playing and laughs.
is goin a hill taking a rest.
are in a brown river and the woman is sitting in a kayak steamer.
is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her.
lifts himself backwards and the camera zooms in on his back while the other follows him.
kicks it with his knees while the camera captures him from several angles as the body weight hangs over his head and he throws it down several more times more.
holes and pulled a from a hole in ice and wiped it with a rag.
then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
pulls a red needle out of the hole and begins going back in to try again trying and pulling some more fish out.
are seen stepping up throwing the object while the camera watches.
run onto the ring and begin performing a martial arts move while others applaud and pockets watch on.
wins by curlew flips and the audience applauds.
gets on the bike and starts working out.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
, wearing blue shorts, brown leotard and no shirt will come on stage and begin kicking the ball.
easily snaps the tennis ball into the court, then the person in black walks over to the man dressed in a black tank top volleyball net tennis clothes.
is a player demonstrating the serve as the coach explains.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
in white returns his serve and keeps it.
are sitting behind tables watching a game.
jumps, flips and falls from the platform.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
mixes some flour in a small bowl which is then drizzled over the knife.
scoops up a chunk and controls it with his fingers, smiling.
shows a tiny blue chip for grabbing.
cuts a seam in an red box.
see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together.
then put two bottles in a bag and tie it.
then jump in and begin swimming in the pool while one of the women jokes with the camera man.
