is ripping level tiles off.
swings and lands in her arms.
are then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.
pumps his body above the height of a pole.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
push a child in a speedboat in the water.
takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone.
eventually brings it back into view and adds it to the smaller ones to make a small triangular shaped piece.
uses a small brush to polish one of the stone pieces.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
sits and hugs another man and also adjusts his camera.
shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play.
dips the ball and walks back with the boy and pours detergent into a cup again.
is then seen sitting alone as she eats a cold brown ice cream.
take turns jumping on each other like they are performing karate.
dance and flip on stage while hanging their hats on the sides.
are done, they shake hands and walk away, but cheers are heard all around as they're finished.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
floats in a river.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.
, she begins to brush her lips and make painted lips look just like a lipstick to the camera and ends with her closing gift and instruction showing her off at the end.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
puts a shirt on and rubs his mouth.
gets them some water to gargle in their mouths.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
then wipes its paw on its ear.
played paper if and shoot the arrows to hit the target, then he hang from the board with his bow and arrow.
drives through the grass while drinking from a large cup of water and carrying his lawn mower.
comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he's closer to the house.
is slowly starting to look really really nice, once he is completely finished the yard looks great, nice and smooth.
is on ocean and swimming in white water snapping his head.
see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.
then see a replay then the person putting the face wash on.
continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.
appears and then different people carry it to a table where they mix the liquid with a straw with a straw and take turns squirting the liquid into their skin.
begin to wrap red bow around the plastic cups, put bows on the bottoms _start_various objects on the foam covers and belongings to the floor.
rush walks up in front of the boys, removes a small piece of paper from the bottom of the table, puts a hand on the machine and wrestles with buttons, turns the machine off and pushes a button inside to turn the game back on.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, the child takes out the fork the other child takes out the spoon and eats the ice cream.
hold the child and eats the ice cream, after the woman is giving baby ice cream to the child.
is watching the men on the ground.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, a person polish the fingers, then the person puts a black polish.
then begins marching down a fitness track, demonstrating steps, going forward and backward, in between takes several breaks to lift their feet.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
and woman dance around together on the stage.
plays the hip hop and dance moves with the band.
are shown of people riding up a mountain on skis while being pulled down by a rope.
march around a room wearing funny hats, hats, and shoes.
, the gymnast put strength and power item on his body and falls.
, the gymnast puts fluid on the pommel horse and sit on it to rise the body while position it.
is pushing a kress of water in a lake while instructing his boarder.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
plays in a house while the woman looks on.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
continues to work by scrubbing the windows and then by pouring water out.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
more fish and throws them to the side.
continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
hands a young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attention.
pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little girl grabbing for her attention.
continues to play violin while people pass by her.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
starts mixing the ingredients together.
shows off various tapers while swinging at the pinata and throwing them out to the crowd.
wets the garment and scrubs it with a cloth.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
scrubs the clothing with her hands.
does curling.
strokes the cat's head.
sits back down on the chair.
puts their hands together, and twirl together like a ballet dancer.
continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head, catches it and does a gallop.
is a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off the floor to finish her performance.
cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
drops it onto the floor where it gets stuck.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown clearly under a large wide wave.
belly flops on some grass before a newscaster announces the story.
then puts lotion in both of her hands and rubs them along your knees while the instructor washes them.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
gets up and starts brushing the blade.
slices a tomato on a wood block with the knife.
decorates the knife with green and red maracas.
turn the knife to sharpen the other side and then wipe it with paper towel.
continues going around the basket while the camera is sitting in the back.
holds up the bottle, then is shown using several different solutions that she lines up together on the counter.
crosses parallel, then stand on all fours above, and on his arms then jump.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
finally lifts the weight over his head over his own head.
are wrestling at the ring as people are seeing them.
then heat paint and paint more followed by smoke and zzing.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
push the cups of at the sea floor and the sea floor begins to rise.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see a fin enter the camera.
tops out in the pool.
wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
camera follows the pack as they chase a dirt bucker.
moves to the playing couples.
jab at each other with their swords.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
kept one arm raised up and the surfer in front of him raise his left arm.
are seen swimming around in the lake and the men speak to the camera.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the male hits the violin just once, get the pitch.
walks across the court with the ball and keeps walking then pulling the girls to the other side of the court and the girls begin playing volleyball rhythmically rolling on the floor as the coach helps them follow how to properly do things.
is holding cored soap in his hand as he washes with a bottle.
attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
takes a bucket, large hose and goes in the sink with it.
mops through the room in between the people.
then jumps onto a tennis ball that is positioned in between a set of net and a larger setting of tables on which are arranged various rackets and vegetables as well as various sticks.
starts with his first serve where the ball hits the net.
comes back to him without touching the net.
is waxing a small black horse as rolls his croquet stick.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
is throwing a ball for his dog to catch.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown in distress and talking to the camera.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker put the discs in a tray made of zesty and sliced them on each side of a chopped banana, then slice them and add them to the lemon slice and add a glass of lemonade.
, the man then paints the knife with the discs.
continue to blow a young boy walks into the scene clearing the path with his leaf blower.
gives a kiss to a man and then look at a table a woman is using, then a woman shows Something White on an Tin.
, people play soccer, ripping each other's hair.
gets a brush that is attached to a pole and starts to move and gets a zip line out of that hole.
in three suits throws the fish down the lake onto the water while the other man at the lower depth touches the fish.
is a man in a blue suit standing in front of them with a thick rope around his neck.
then wipes his face.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are sitting in buckets on a blanket on the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
are skiing down a snowy hill.
then demonstrates reading what, by how, you can do the layup over and under hand move with your hands.
shows how to put a hole in a wall using a drill.
started hitting the ball with his racket on his gloved hand.
fell on the ground, the man put the ball down, pull the ball and set it on the ground, he ball fell, but remain upright.
kicks his shoe off while dancing.
taps his shoe while playing the violin.
holds a harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
plays a painting on front a chair.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
shows the man cleaning the car with the brooms.
are shown standing next to a woman with fish on a wheel, laughing.
gets on the machine and starts riding it.
moves away as the man is pushed back up by the water.
uses a big paddle to pull people that fall.
washes persons hands and wipes them with a blue cloth.
is a clean car wash video.
is applied and the wash sheet is spread out on the floor.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
is gone doing this all with a in a getting ice cream, while a man else with a stick is also eating from a tub and eating ice cream.
is sitting in the bushes watching the woman.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
puts on hair gel and brushes on her face.
are shown inside a case onto her nose, inside and outside.
keep jogging, coming in at the end of the race.
somebody else time.
inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
are filled with crowds, people and cars, and she is wearing a white and orange outfit.
walks past teens riding bmx bikes.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
then open the hole with a rod and let the ice out into the ocean.
splashes into the hole bigger and bigger as the others continue to pull the string one by one.
play a game of water poo and throw the ball around to each other.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see a yellow screen and title screen.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
is two of the boys skateboard together.
, the boy slides on the street with his skateboard sticking in the air.
laughs at the camera while holding a can of herself and the man.
starts to wash the clothes with both hands.
shows his face by grimacing due to the stiff air stream and looks in the mirror to change something for his face.
keeps washing the clothes as he talks to the camera.
walks a mower across very tall growing grass.
runs and catches frisbee.
see a guy hold a blue frisbee in the air and tell that the dog has a pink frisbee and we see its pink feet.
is running around catching the frisbee the lady throws.
see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air.
immediately shits in pain while having a hard time catching the frisbee.
takes turns quickly, mowing the lawn.
never stops, trampling the grass and clipping it back.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frnt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear on the screen announcing it is time to start as the woman speaks again.
make it to the end of the lawn, she stops, takes a deep breath, gets off her horse and walks away.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
take turns as they volleys the puck around in the air.
are together in a diving pool, putting on mask.
are shown inside a black gym swimming.
are placed into a glass of liquid and cut along skin.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
takes a sponge and scrubs an arm using the sponge.
sled walking in a city square, between other people followed by all running around.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people dancing with one another and once again the same shots are shown in slow motion.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
then puts the can down, twists the cap off and pours the alcohol into a cup in front of him.
turns off and continues mowing the lawn with green topped green grass surpassing the stilts.
then takes a pair of scissors and cut the wall paper and shreds it with a tool to shape it and then slips it onto the floor.
room party is being held and she is shown sitting and talking and playing with a bobble doll.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
slides down, showing to the camera the seeping hole that the hole in the floor has made.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is talking to the camera anther different sidewalk in street.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
in a blue shirt watches him.
then fades to fade to a pitch black.
picks up her violin and continues to talk before she starts to play it and stops.
then puts her fingers onto the strings and with her other hand she touches and points on her fingers on the strings as well as taking the bow to her strings every now and then.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
gently glides the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic.
wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
wipes her lips with a napkin.
then begins tugging the slide on his little body while working his way back and fourth.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
clamp a strap on the bike and let it sit around a dusty bike rack.
bike gets down on one knee, the people then fasten the seat with safety bars.
starts and the people are creating a frame on it.
beats cymbals and drums very fast.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
then shovels the dirt around the trunk of a large tree.
pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel stops and the woman gets down from the camel.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is in stairs ice climbing and here is a man catching trash in the woods and the boys are in the road getting fixed.
begins to pull on the skis.
picks up a cherry cone.
is holding a tire in a child's playground.
is stepping on a blue mat sitting on a bed and a man is jumpin behind her.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are sitting on a beach at a party.
climbs along backwards on the rails and we see her jump straight off of the side of the chalk.
also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
are showing all the steps in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point.
is a picture shown on the image of bnp stadium giving an illustration.
begins by playing the violin while the other performers dance in a choreographed fashion.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
stay on the stage with the violinist and dance in a salsa style.
, the man bend over backwards, and spin making b-shaped circles in the dust.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
they use a trashcan size object to cut up some of the grass.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam two times.
rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again.
are shown of the athletes performing tricks in various stretches as well as throwing a ball off into the distance.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
spread it and curl it up on a rug.
's a young man dressed in a blue polo wo, green shirt and black trousers standing at the polo table rubbing a green coated straw.
is trotting on the horse across the field.
, a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
mows the lawn being pulled by the jetski.
then see a man do a high jump at 5'9 "
then see the man jump at 6'2 " and he knocks the pole over.
holds a ball on a chain.
turns to face right.
then fades to black.
is making strides in the game.
take positions next to each other and prepare for a play, the teens jog around each other standing on the court and kicking the ball to each other in a gymnasium.
a young fair is seated on a bench, while two teenagers grab the ball and throw the ball to the green side.
playing black santa claus suit give the ball to one of the young teens who take it, while his mother pushes the round ball to the other direction.
, the young man plays the soccer ball, and the boys walk with the soccer ball.
then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
picks up the violin and begins to demonstrate how to play a song on it.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
then zooms out and you can see him making notes on another piece of equipment.
is throwing darts at a target.
skis all around part of the water road while people distract him.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
shows off her rag and blow dryer while the dog mops the area around her.
ends and he claps his hands over his mouth.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
begins to use a fast sort of machine that moves swiftly and gracefully.
then display the results of the spin class.
runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat.
makes attempts at jumping over the bar but is unsuccessful knocking it down on the mat.
lifts the weight up to his chest and jumps back down to grab it off the ground.
then joins the girl on the mat and begins hitting the red ball he is playing with.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it against his shoulder.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
then spits the water into the sink and looks at her teeth very close in the mirror before the scene fades out.
then fills the sponge and the boy rub them along his skin while the girl brushes it down.
and the boy ride around on their horses, grab several up a horse and throw them back to the dirt.
the end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
appears and the couple horses are shown individually, in different amounts, in different locations, and then slides down to the bottom on the table where a sign informs viewers how they should get on the horse to prepare for a ride in the saddle and the camera shakes in disbelief and disbelief.
places the hands back into the dessert.
hands the child something from a purse.
scrubs the dish vigorously in an attempt to get rid of the food in there.
lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
stands up and puts his fist in the air.
is wearing a bikini with one leg tied behind her head and looking down at herself.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are all strapped together the man begins running.
, a person throws a rope to the ground.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
is won, the toddlers are chased by the mickey mouse dog and they handle all of the puck and they switch places, still pushing it across the black triangle.
piercing drill is in her lip and she is getting a piercing.
are shown on a bar pouring down and then pouring in a rubik's cube.
are standing on the tight rope watching the jake and waiting.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is another little puppy running around the dog and a little kitten too.
takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body.
is running around the dog with wet fur too.
removed the plate and raised the barbel, while people standing next to him held the barbel heads.
grabs a green towel and wipe his face.
is done, he checks the blade before lying the knife back down.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
work around him in various angles and ends with their closing poses.
is seen swimming in a fishlike manner under the water.
, the man shake hands with a man in a boat and leaves the sailboat.
does a layup on his stomach.
are playing a really good game, one of the girl lands right on her stomach.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance.
see a man shaving her cheek.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
is gently taking the dog's hair.
then wipes the cat's neck and the back of its head with the red cloth.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
pushes another ice cream cone into her mouth.
is laying on a wooden mat.
walks over and lifts up the ball.
throws a ball over a lawn into a cup.
begin walking on the bridge again and the sexy figure moves the cups on table, while more persons switch places, and they all move their cups around.
struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
follows the men down the path.
is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate.
have given each other a high five, they hold out the no off sign after each other's initial victory.
is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
uses a razor to shave the woman's head.
seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
is floating in the water.
gets on his hands and knees to dig the hole.
's a scoop of ice cream and he eats it and grabs a small shovel.
one holds a fish over the hole and once he gets it down he swims towards the camera.
gives a being an ice cream cone.
spit something out of their mouths and continue to play.
are moving shoe polish all over shoe.
is in a shop presenting shoe advice.
are beverages in a rainbow colored bowl, while a person drizzles oil down from a sieve.
are getting ready to start a race.
starts by making a right turn and taking a long trip and going in a small circle toward the landing point.
appears at the gate, then he is held up by his opponents.
spins a ball under the yellow cones.
then play a game of soccer with one another, running up and down the sandy field while coaches yell on the side and a goal is blocked.
begins by introducing a girl named jennifer, who is walking with her dad behind her.
explains another video that he and his friend play for fun while in a roller rink.
is also seen sitting on a bench speaking to a woman who begins to pass the pitcher back and fourth.
are shown playing guitar while the man plays more drums.
is playing a longer harmonica while the others are playing a smaller harmonica.
continue playing together as they dance along.
moves around the crushed grass on his lawn mower.
is a man made knife sitting in a wooden bowl sharpening a bowl with a knife and another using a piece of iron on a fabric.
then throwing in the machine mix.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen, afterwards cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
run, they pass two teams of players who have long lines and a large number of spectators watching or cheering them on.
from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
, a large green group of people on a dirt bike appears, cut, ready and they all are waiting for the talking with a ripple of dirt in the ground.
begins riding along the water on the board.
raises it up to his face.
uses big pail to wash the leaves.
swirls the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she takes her blades and cuts up some of the grass that she sliced.
put the ladies on their shoulders and flip them into the air and spin then do arm wrestling as people run running up.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
lands on his feet after the tricks.
falls into the water and recovers.
bounce and flip over a wobbly bar onto a mat.
push bulls around on each other while trampling them.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
tubes are filled with limes and a plate of limes.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
jumped and landed on the gray mat, then the man walked and lay on the mat, then climbed on top.
is washing dishes in the sink.
stands and walks to the corner, threw money at the player who scores and the video starts again.
is staring off into the distance looking sick as if he's hallucinating.
is holding a small fish in his hand talking.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are shown walking through a tunnel while the guide is standing beside them talking.
than ritzenhein nyc marathon 2010"
and hits a stride.
are standing on top of the orange court practicing compete moves.
are skating during he night time.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
does a trick high on his bar, performs a fast warm up run, flames appear in his footwork and the first man offers him a number of times on trampoline till he reaches the end and drinks a lime.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
walks up and pours some of the lemons into a bottle.
pops the lemons with a straw.
are seated around a table watching from the sides.
lifts his foot up to brush the shoe.
begin punching and kicking each other.
is seen punching and kicking a man on his knees wearing gloves. another boy
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is practicing wrestling in a gym.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins cutting a piece of fruit and measuring it with several bottles.
breasts is standing in a room talking.
slides the knife on the stone while pressing the knife with his fingers.
points and sits next to the knife down.
spits it out followed by another kid.
a woman is taking a drink from a glass.
is seen a a distance away.
is using a blue pump to pump blood into his feet.
, she jumps, spins and flip making the splits while the man watches.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
raises an axe from a hole in the roof.
in a position of power is walking on stage with the violin.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
then shovels some white powder all over the chair.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
clips the laces tightly and then bottoms the shoe up.
then sail the boat across a river.
take a ladder to board the boat on their backs.
he has some snow on his shovel to serve against the snow.
is motorinterviewing a person on the white wooden flooring as the camera watches.
walked along the rocky beach and jump with the hands on his knees, jumped up in the air and also jump with the arms extended lost.
is sitting on his rock carving off an ice ice and stone chunk.
is holding a broom and bucket.
are standing around a bowl picking up balls.
take turns putting their dog down.
holds open her eye and puts a contact in her eye.
is using a squeegee to wipe a shoe.
are shown on cornatwo of racetrack high on sticks.
race down the hills, making fast jumps into the sand.
see a man laying tiles a wall at a plant garden and laying tile again in an open field.
wets the table with white water and wets the cloth again.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
pierces the pumpkin a second time and sits on the couch.
begins mowing the large green grass with the other camera man following close behind.
are shown and the man on the lawnmower gives one more wave with his left hand.
form a giant circle and begin to race each other.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
picks up a bottle of water and takes an drink of the water.
then dance around one another all performing martial arts with one another.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering to the camera.
then begin shooting hoops and passing to one another.
take turns one after the other shooting hoops.
play a game of skiing.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
is washing his hands in the sink.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
looks at her phone while the two women hold the camel down.
shakes the woman on its back.
on the violin while the woman plays the violin.
holds the bow back up to speak to the camera.
of players jumping from a boat into the sand are shown.
walks back to the door ending with the last cut.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
are walking in the street watching the guy playing violin.
uses the barbel on the wall.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
jumps off of the pony and catches a running dog.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on a piece of equipment.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pushes a fish to the bottom of the hole.
takes a fish out of the hole.
look around and watch the man skate.
continues skating around on the skate boards.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
also runs with a javelin on his back on a sunny day.
is talking he is also being held by being shirtless, and is showing off the number 678 alongside the elliptical opposite him that continues to display the number 779.
, the guy arrives with two young girls and a in a large gym area where many people are standing.
swims up to the bait and grabs it as the man reels it in.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
takes a pause and then begins playing a song and the lyrics to the song appears at the bottom as well as the notes above them.
is standing on the field shaking his arms.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
is standing outside with a bag of wood from the garage and a lighter in a bag at his feet swinging around a woodpile.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
is standing next to a saddle on a back porch with a white hose in hand.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
instead of swinging her bat, the woman swings on the man's head.
he walks through a storm and into the dojo dojo fighting with the other man standing in the fourth circle.
slowly lifts his weight doing squats on front a barbell and looking back down after he's done lifting it.
lifts the barbell over his head and drops it on the ground and hang there with one foot.
uses a hand squeegee to train the toy truck, and holds it extended for inspection until the toys are empty.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears and words appear on the screen that say " jackpot eels ".
are now outside of the shop where they carefully load the large cake into their red company car.
lifts and then lowers herself over the bar several times.
is eating cereal in a bowl.
looks away and licks the cone.
then begins demonstrating how to use the basketball to hit a ball while still speaking to the camera.
straight across the basket with a forward momentum.
are shown on what appears to be a ski lift.
is shown standing on a slack line as details of his trick are shown.
waves its front paw at the camera.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
stares blankly at it.
jump off of a bridge onto a large rock.
then try to kick and move through it.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
give a kiss on the end and let go.
ties it around his body while looking back to the camera.
gets one and walks over for a bite.
hurls his javelin down the field then watches.
engage in a long race to the finish line.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
jumps into a bucket of water and lays on it.
are in the water, trying to make floats.
collaborative to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
then become the badminton team, competing in the javelin throw as the crowd cheers loudly.
shapes the mix from the bowl into lumps and places them on a baking sheet.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
are seen playing guitars and singing along while the man continues playing drums along with the song.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
pushes the mower as far as it will go and jumps over it.
see the bath drill in action.
see the lady in red again.
are playing water polo in the water against the waves.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man moves jumping the buckets to reach large bushes.
, the man rake some more leaves on the grass until whole.
demonstrates how to mix the butter and flour in a blender to blend the dough.
measures flour and dough and knits it into a plastic bag.
some more mix, she cuts out shapes to plated and lays out it in bowls and makes a small foil fit over them.
places the raw cookie on a cookie sheet and bakes them.
are done, she takes a plate and runs them in water.
is bent over and has his two hands gripping onto a barbell with two very large weights on the ends of it.
then rounds his legs and gains the momentum to pick the weight back up and begins continuing to dumbell it again, this time squatting farther.
, the woman jumps the chair.
is guiding the girl with a pick.
screws something into the bottom of a plastic bag.
are seen jumping rope while others cheer on and stand around.
in a brown pine chair has his legs attached and other people in the studio are also attached to his legs having to walk on artificial legs.
helped him get away after he was gored in the neck.
storm opposite a bull.
then ties the strings on the bike while still speaking furiously to the camera and is seen pushing himself along the side.
are floating on a dark blue body of water.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then squeezes the orange juice into the bowl of a lemon.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes greens into the mug.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
takes out a spray bottle and continues to mow the lawn.
goes into the sand and a player gets passed to get it.
who is in blue shorts serves again.
hits the rope and floats across the field.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
waves his arms for animation.
part as he passes an old buck.
is kneeling down in the snow reeling a fishing pole.
smile back at each other and dive under the water to fish.
shoot a police shooting machine that walk past the camera.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
does a facing flip and lands in the sand.
dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
dries her face on the towel.
, the perber machine wakes up and the black is seen and white is shown across the screen.
move out of the net, resulting in their loss in a pit of mud.
takes the weight off his shoulders.
continue to push and kick the man's hands while other boys practice in the background.
continue playing against one another and end by cheering.
are doing wrestling movements in a ring in a dark room and a referee is waching and screaming at them.
stand up sitting on the floor.
are in a high court wrestling each other and wrestling and giving a sign sign of bernadette talsil holding her partner.
spits on the floor.
digs the knife through the block then dropping it on top of it.
is swinging on a yellow rope while jumping around.
start they go into an intricate dance routine that fits with the song.
is complete they continue dancing with each other, and stop.
spits it into the sink, then starts crying from the bad taste.
forward walk on the camel.
give each other high fives.
shake hands and walks away.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is pushing tiles with a tool.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is shown on stage, and a man is quickly playing a violin.
join in on song, hitting into one another with harmonicas and zings.
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is siphoned from a container and solids.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
blows leaves from the window of the living room with a hand blowing leaves from the window and the chair.
dips a rag into the pail and scrubs.
rinses the wooden chair with the garden hose.
is left to dry.
will flow into a small bowl inside the circle.
touch a doll's breast.
then pours the shoe polishing supplies and lubricates his shoe with the product.
holds the knife in his hand and a blue piercing outline of the knife is in the center wile the guy is sharpening it.
walks by from behind and gets a quick peek then keeps walking.
begins and the girls do their routine of dancing, jumping, making different line formations and baton twirling as the crowd cheers them on.
then moves around the ground doing swaying motions.
turns around on the floor.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
jump and squats again the lays on the floor talking.
presents the fish to the camera as well as speak to the camera and continue to grab and hold up fish.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are falling and he starts to fix it up he does a little bit huffing until it is done.
shows a little distance being taken for a redo and now it shows a young lady putting screws into an old base and putting glue.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
put a contact into her eye and puts a gel into her eye.
takes a test, she shakes them to see how much they will like the curls.
irons the bottom layer of her hair that doesnt have rollers on there and when the roolers cool off she takes them out.
pushes a child down the track while people watch on the sidelines.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
performs a long jump on a track and into a sandpit in front of judges and onlookers on the sidelines.
is shown he gets up from his seat and shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of scenes spread over the video because once again the man is shown jumping high and clearing the jump line with the result that he scored twice and successfully for a goal too.
in the middle runs up to the end of it and pulls it back.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
is a man combing the hedge with an electric razor.
glide down a path from a line.
claps for the cheerleaders.
is using her backpack and shadow to cross the street.
washes his hands and turns to face the camera.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
stands in the middle of the camel while walking at a rapid pace as she jumps and flips herself on the camel.
is showing the waters depths growing ever so gradually while cars pass by in front of.
then grabs another tool and begins sharpening the knife next to some sliced apples.
then walks over and picks up one he was slicing.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
picks out a white fish and uses wire cutters to drill holes into it.
is seen standing in front of a hose and dipping clothes underneath as well.
then begins performing several cool along arm springs and repeating herself while looking off into the distance.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
plays a song supporting the note that comes from the mic and then transitioning into a guitar solo from there upbeat music.
uses the selfie stick to paint himself and a couple of other people around him.
shows himself in the snow skiing down the snowy slopes.
is shown kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
is now running and jumping over the pole that is now 6 feet high, he clears it like he did all the other heights and once again it replays.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
runs and now he's jumping 6'4 feet high but unfortunately he knocks the pole off and as soon as he realizes it he gets up and is very disappointed in himself.
kneels next to his car and shows cleaning products.
runs a machine over the car.
rubs the sponge in foam on the cars tires.
then begin to fight one after the other.
see men playing darts in a gym as people watch.
occurred but only able to land on his head multiple times.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is better, he falls off and almost regains his balance.
are throwing a frisbee for the dog.
, the person throws a bat on the ground and hits the pinata, then it flies through the air and land on the ground.
then pushes off the bar.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
pushes a robot robot on a gym floor and the men practice arm wrestling.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
's moves are done, he drops two balls on the ground before piling them.
in sidewalk skateboarding around, doing tricks and making jumps.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
is finished licking its paw, the dried off part of its fur and off of its black nails.
then lifts its right paw and scratches his right ear and then licks that paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
catch a large fish and pull it out of the hole.
shows a bottle of powder then places it in his shoe.
picks up a high top pair and wipes it off with the same wet towel.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, the child slope down the ice to get to the hole.
then runs to the end and walks back to the starting point.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed and two men are interviewed.
see A person add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a man raise the ball to his mouth and bite.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are ready, the mother adds the baked cookies to the oven and after puts the cookies in a frying pan and stirs the cookies.
're done in the oven, they have another batch baked and their dad has a plate to take off next.
push their backs against a cliff.
sits down and demonstrates how to properly properly work out on a bench.
tosses the bar up in the air.
pans to show a group of children in a rough and tumble forest area.
are sitting on top of the camel.
tries to ride the camel but the camels legs just keep kicking.
explain a once again proper footdanced routine, on one knee.
all get back in their boat they all begin to enjoy the cold water and in the ocean it gets really cold.
grabs a bottle of vinegar and pours it on top of the salad.
drops, paste, mayonnaise, lettuce and bread onto the lettuce and red tomato.
stands and claps her hands.
puts some squash in slices and squishes some stuff so it sticks.
is in lat salad dressing and speaking to the camera.
plays with her hair and then prolly applies makeup.
pours the ice in a small glass and squirts lemon juice into the glass.
puts lemons on a glass and mixes the liquids.
she grabs a cup and places it on her lap as she greats from the glass.
then adds a few drops of sugar.
then demonstrates how to properly groom the dog while the host continues to speak and pet the dog.
sets it against a house.
fills a plastic tub with clear liquid.
takes a key from a chimney.
is then announcin aluminum on a table.
lowers it from his mouth when he is done.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
views.
play a game of table tennis by the fire.
hold out bowls and pans in to one another and point to one another.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before letting go to fetch another one.
films him with a pan in a living room while he speaks.
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
is shown trying to model the seat with a different size of handle.
continues piecing the bike together and pans around the finished product in the end.
, the woman cross the finish line and people help her.
reach the winner, the people laugh and compliment the woman who is unconscious on the floor.
collects people in a room.
are then seen diving into the water, hitting the bulls back and fourth as well as playing a game of volleyball and cheering along.
sits down and scrubs his right leg with the mop again.
moves around the counter the floor sweep the points near the stove.
returns and mops on the counter.
walks away in the other direction as the girl begins her a piercing at the ear piercing.
rests back down and fights the woman who finally pierces her ears.
then plays a little piano and sits down to smoke away while continuing to speak and play.
then take their backpacks and they get into the cold water with the fish.
are patiently sitting with their fishing rods till they fish out mid size fish from the holes.
then fish larger fish out because it is easier with big fish.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
use a polka dot brush to clean the scales.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
can be seen swimming around and smiling to the camera.
are holding cups with ice cream.
eats the ice cream cone with his hand.
hands the woman the brush and blow dryer.
is now against the wall, while someone is drying her hair.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
switches to a man talking whose name is trevor brazile and it flashes from him talking and then to clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he is also wrangling a small calf.
balaclavas is shown serving a white tennis ball.
play and rotate between the two of them.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then kneels down and fills a bucket with sand.
of the scuba gear a man is shown doing a sit up get off the floor.
continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
pans over the raked up leaves while several others discuss their hard work.
moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of an hole.
pulls a fish out of the hole.
points at the camera and smiles.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
is shown massaging cream into her face, then rinsing it off with water and patting dry with a towel.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
is a pop music video about the woman playing the violin.
pans back to the man doctor sitting in a chair and further inputs appear.
is shown climbing a horse back into the room and changing to riding a horse while performing tricks.
is occasionally shown playing tennis, then goes back to speaking to the group.
pretends to scour the windows.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
are seen running around the circle surrounding one another as well as dancing, throwing a man into the air and celebrating.
continues playing while turning red and then green lights begin flashing around and music begins to play.
walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
moves around in a circle on his head and spins.
plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.
holds up the violin to his chin and gets ready.
plays the song on the violin.
plays the violin on to the person using each key.
pumps and displaying to the camera two little black turns around 5'10 " and begins jogging down the course.
uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.
are practicing blow drying her hair.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
spin around in the air and throw their hands up.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
circles a couple times several more times, there is still no sign of her ending her gardingaing.
skiis, a small mountain gorilla appears.
, the man skis rapidly down the slopes and does spins and kneels as he skis. eventually
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
wearing a helmet and hooded sweatshirt runs beside the other dirty or dirty bikers, followed by his younger body of sea-wort that hangs from trees from his chest.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
shovels up the dirt from the side yard down.
he is done, they return the two bags to the woman who is now tapping her foot and speaking to the camera.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
stands in the balcony and hold the handgrips of the man.
is sitting thng a round table.
continue to mix ingredients together in pots and pans and finally eat all the food on the table.
jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
sits in the driver seat of the car while holding onto a baton.
licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue.
lower the weights over their heads again.
moves on, waving at one another.
sail along in the water moving side to side.
are shown taking a break in the river.
rubs soap onto the women's legs and rubs them with her hands.
has a damp towel and under her eyelash.
sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
jumps from the trampoline onto a mattress and begins moving around in a circular motion towards the end.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
is standing in front of an exercise wheel with a child sitting on top of his head, the kid waskanda thumbs in the mouth and the child throws the kid off and drinks water.
points to all of the materials the furniture is made from while holding a bowflex gun.
shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
spits it into a bin and rinses his mouth in purple mouthwash.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
goes running back and he keep hitting the ball though the bases and talking to the other players.
places a cloth on a branch as he cuts.
is playing basketball on the court.
is then added to the kindling as she picks out small sticks and lights the fire.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
puts a lot of acetone from a bottle into her shaker.
and ackle man take turn to jump in the stilts.
is talking about the benefits of being self sufficient for exercise.
sits down in a chair with an elliptical.
continues explaining the mechanics and features, but the lady in the red shirt gets distracted for a little bit.
moves back and fourth while the machine explains how to removed the elliptical section.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
pans around the girls playing with one another while juggling balls and leads into one catching a puck and shaking hands.
is making progress across the wall pretty quickly the way he is doing it.
makes it half way across the wall but the bottom of the wall is still white.
then throw a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
wraps a jacket around the jacket with the scarf.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
gets finished quickly, then a video of a woman in a sweater is shown and then individual cut hair is displayed on the screen as she continues talking.
shows up with a picture of a man and a woman that are close up a better picture of a yogurt cup.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan.
washes the dough with a sponge and then cuts it into bite size pieces.
runs jumps and flips over an obstacle. It is done over and over in slow motion.
on a lake, then enter in front of a water boat holding a pair of oars on the board.
, a woman is standing next to an ocean and the man and woman water ski.
, the toddler, grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog.
gets up and squats as a crowd cheers him on and his large frame begins to spin around with very little exercise equipment on and he begins lifting more weights in the middle of the room.
shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
are shown of kids swimming and lie down afterwards while the boy keeps in time with everyone inside the pool.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
is shown with a curling brush.
is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of a and its talking and playing the guitar.
show up playing a game of tug of war.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
woman begins spreading jam in the pan and speaking to the girls.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
throws the frisbee and the dog catches it while the man keeps throwing.
has the dog back to play fetch with the dog while the dog keeps chasing after the frisbee.
is doing a sit up on the floor by the women, he reaches for the woman.
dive under the water, battling each other with their mouths until one guy makes a goal.
bend down and clean large puddles from the floor.
take another drink and dump it out in the sink.
pick up the towel and wipe their face.
grab a cup and turn the sink on.
interviews two twins while running and the news shows off other runners in the area.
see a woman holding part of a hat.
falls across the other seat.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
picks up the newly trimmed patch of grass and starts trimming it.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
covers is lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
is lifts a heavy laundry basket to his chest and lobs it to a pile of leaves on do fwalk.
is a camera filming the little boy.
shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him laying it down.
pushes the billiard stick through the dirt and speaks to the man.
punch each other with one man winning.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
uses the razor to clean and shave a cat on her leg.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
takes the violin back and that girl plays until her dad comes over to show her the proper pro-soprano positions to play the violin.
begin to play the violin together.
digs in an inter tube at the top of a hill then rides down the slope laughing.
rides along the top of the snowy mountains on a tube out of site of others.
then rides together floating through a tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues hitting the ball around while another walks in and jumps on his back.
springs back into the air and lands a high jump into another mans arms in slow motion while the audience claps and the man stands and walks away.
see people start when the gate opens.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
stretches and does his part several times on the track.
also motion out towards the audience and a little girl runs by out of the camera frame.
there is a boxer wearing white pants and standing in black boxing gloves standing then he swords with another boxer who very easily is his size.
walk between a row of trees towards a long line of machines.
are encouraging one another as they continue to play the game.
is bouncing up and down with sticks by her feet.
grabs an egg and circles it with a silver marker.
then ddle the woman while she records and showing off her hair style.
that another guy plugs into the playmate.
uses pocket sweepers to spray leaves off the windows.
then, the instructor then comes and discusses the topics before the class.
then put their sneakers on and get on the santa outfit.
takes it in turn from the boy and the man enjoys it and walks off.
then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera.
pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
then stand still and each takes turns running down a different road several times as the people watching continue to laugh and then come back down the road in the end.
then runs around another man jumping in and playing with a sand pit and then jumps outside performing various different moves and techniques.
flips several times before finally throwing the javelin into the air.
flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
put his cone on the carpet and lay down on the carpet.
throws something at the boy with ice cream.
are shown on the screen of a game.
then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end.
walk through the marathon, taking pictures, congratulating each other after completing.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
holds up a rubik's cube.
gives the young girl a high five.
is seen with a young girl as she speaks.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run.
walks to the court and score.
smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel.
shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
then sharpens the knife.
, the boys plays a game of dribbling.
dumps her arms out a little bit and then dumps her wand right back in.
shows a bottle in her hand.
sprays something onto her face.
have an animated conversation where only the boy and the walkie talkies are in his use.
jumps off the skateboard onto the street.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
in a blue shirt claps.
see a man in a beard as he ref naels.
is shown in two pieces, each one attached by a person.
then begins playing the harmonica back and fourth.
tells viewers how her team is running and she hugs a cheerleader for showing her final moments.
run around on the field.
transitions to the woman speaking to the camera, finished with a title screen and the interview.
undoes the top button of his pants and looks confused.
continues playing the harmonica and ends by laying down, laying in the bed with her eyes closed and resting her head on a pillow.
is goin a hill taking a rest.
are in a brown river and the woman is sitting in a kayak steamer.
is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her.
lifts himself backwards and the camera zooms in on his back while the other follows him.
continues lifting the weights over his head walking backwards.
holes and pulled a from a hole in ice and wiped it with a rag.
then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
run around throwing the object around on the ground.
wins by curlew flips and the audience applauds.
is working out on the bike.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
, wearing blue shorts, brown leotard and no shirt will come on stage and begin kicking the ball.
easily snaps the tennis ball into the court, then the person in black walks over to the man dressed in a black tank top volleyball net tennis clothes.
is a blue board behind the blaez net.
serves the ball to the opponent in white.
goes back and forth between the two balls as the crowd claps and the man in black takes his bell and lets fly until he hits the ball.
are sitting behind tables watching a game.
jumps, flips and falls from the platform.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
mixes some flour in a small bowl which is then drizzled over the knife.
sprinkles ice cream on the ice cream cone.
sits next to a woman praying.
cuts a seam in a red box.
see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
then jump in and begin swimming in the pool while one of the women jokes with the camera man.
