starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
swings and lands in her arms.
are then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.
runs into a car.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.
are then shown in closeups shooting a shot put.
opens a can of oil put oil on the knife and puts oil on a knife and press it through a can filled with oil then cuts several pieces from the sandwiches.
eventually brings it back into view and adds it to the smaller ones to make a small triangular shaped piece.
then takes the knife and sharpens it against the wood piece.
then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
explains how the frog secretes a poisonous fluid that can be extremely harmful.
is covered to the boy that is playing there.
then throws the ball into the pool and begins running around with a sail in his hand while a group of men watch.
is then seen sitting alone as she eats a cold brown ice cream.
get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them.
dance and flip on stage while hanging their hats on the sides.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
runs from one side of the building to the other.
floats in a river.
goes to the bathroom and isn't able to get very far.
are shown as she continues to dance around on the hardwood and every move makes a lash on her face.
she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
puts a shirt on and rubs his mouth.
gets them some water to gargle in their mouths.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
then wipes its paw on its ear.
went to the target board and talked to the camera.
does this multiple times until a pale orange moon appears overhead.
comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he's closer to the house.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is standing in seashore and talking to the camera and surfing big waves on the sea.
see a tool on a table.
see a closing title screen.
is now seen putting wax all along the wall while still looking back to the camera.
is then shown and several more people begin talking about the product.
all grab one and chug their contents of the cans.
is knocked upside down, which causes the other teens to give each other high fives.
does a trick and the liquid is poured on a second table.
is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
is standing using a white blower to blow snow.
is watching the men on the ground.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, the person remove the wrapping paper to expose a shoe.
then begins marching down a fitness track, demonstrating steps, going forward and backward.
presents the knife one last time while still speaking to the camera.
plays up front of a band with a harmonica.
watches with the band, twirling his violin as he walks.
are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
are then seen running down the road one at a time followed by many more following.
, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times.
, the gymnast puts fluid on the pommel horse and sit on it to rise the body while position it.
discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
begins playing with the harmonica and stops.
plays in a house while the woman looks on.
goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass.
spins around to show the different angles of the board and shows pictures of the house in the end.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
one and puts it on a fishing pole in the lake.
then begins washing the other child and ends by copulating with him.
is lifted and the boy begins swinging at the object.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
continues to play violin while people pass by her.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
starts mixing the ingredients together.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
crosses her arms in front of her and it's gone.
starts hitting objects on an item.
gives the cats ears.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
does this in the beginning while using her foot and one hand to move around her body.
becomes more involved in the ballet, she does a final dismount to bring her elbows down and her upper body straight.
is shown several times and ends by showcasing her back to the both the camera and a final focus of her performance.
mixes the snow with his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
puts up the camera.
drops it onto the floor where it gets stuck.
gives her several tips and she continues creating darts.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown clearly under a large wide wave.
is shown inside while a machine is working.
starts with two small straps and it puts her into a squatting position with feet fully placed over her knee and her hands suspended and ready.
removes a lemon from the jar and places it into a pot.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
gets up and starts brushing the blade.
stops by the chair and walks towards the stairs before finally leaving the room.
grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance.
stops sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues going around the basket while the camera is sitting in the back.
holds up the bottle, then is shown using several different solutions that she lines up together on the counter.
looked behind him, then and continue walking to the pole.
raises the bar over his head followed by another.
walks back up and drops the weights back down.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
are seen outside again with one man speaking and dancing in the same spot.
engage in a game of water polo.
see men wearing water fogs.
see a fin enter the camera.
The camera is spinning wildly.
puts a pants and a shirt into the sink and dries off.
camera pans to people watching the game.
moves to the women playing.
are in a par four olympics match.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is standing up.
does not have to go as far as he needed to to go as he is ready to go.
are seen drilling holes as well as swimming around in the water.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the young man stands up to demonstrate how to play, after he plays in stairs.
walks across the court with the ball and keeps walking then pulling the girls to the other side of the court and the girls begin playing volleyball rhythmically rolling on the floor as the coach helps them follow how to properly do things.
is shown wearing skis as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.
attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
walks around the mopping area.
gets back in the raft to go back to the store.
is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
bounces it and does several different things to hit it.
returns with a third serve.
is on a slack line and is pulled down it.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
is throwing a ball for his dog to catch.
is shown again multiple times.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then lights a match and starts throwing the wood to the other.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man puts a knife in the sharpener knife to sharpen.
fall, others are shown as well.
watches the men drinking beers through a can and eat.
, two men fight sand with an accordion while a man help him pretend.
is on the floating device and is swimming deep under the water, digging around with the pole.
takes a picture of the fish, the kneeling man unhooks it and the standing man picks it up, holds it by its gills and poses with it.
is a game going on called soccer being played.
starts playing an acoustic guitar.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are standing on a hill of snow.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
comes to a stop on a hill of snow.
then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
shows how to put a hole in a wall using a drill.
started hitting the ball with his racket on his gloved hand.
is playing racket ball while talking to the camera.
stops playing the violin and dancing.
stops playing and drops the violin.
is strumming an electric guitar.
takes the harmonica out of their mouth and begins playing the piece.
of swimming are in the swimming pool watching him play the violin.
zooms back out to show the well laid tires.
are shown standing next to a woman with fish on a wheel, laughing.
gets on the machine and starts riding it.
takes off on a bright course.
falls out of his back.
washes game is displayed.
, it is shown from behind.
is taken from under the hood.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
stops at a jar of liquid in the sink.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
explains the song she is about to play.
takes an earring into her nostril.
are being put into elongated pupil holes.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
somebody else time.
departs from the camera frame, holding a spoon and shakes it in the air.
shown various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
on the skateboards takes one final turn and then climbs the stairs of a building.
are on the side of the tracks.
march the sled back and forth creating holes as they go.
fizzles and the man drops the hook.
continue playing with one another in the water and join stand by to watch the game.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see a title and the man appears, shirtless.
see a yellow screen and title screen.
finishes playing and sits back.
is two of the boys skateboard together.
, the boy rides on the skateboard with turned legs.
holds up a bottle of fluid and puts it on an iv.
starts to wash the clothes with both hands.
goes back to using his hands to wash the clothes gradually.
ends by miming drinking the water in the sink.
motions for someone in a suit to come and gray their hair.
runs and catches frisbee.
see an opening title screen.
is running around catching the frisbee the lady throws.
see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air.
immediately shits in pain while having a hard time catching the frisbee.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
continues until the entire yard is mown.
it says as follows.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frnt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear on the screen announcing it is time to start as the woman speaks again.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
wins and knocks the other down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
head towards the ball.
are placed into a glass of liquid and cut along skin.
are begun cutting smooth lines into the discs of the discs as they are placed into the bowl, the edges.
places lotion on the baby's hands and speak to the camera.
sled walking in a city square, between other people followed by all running around.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people running around the land as well as running onto a field with their hands up.
then rides a bike down the hill and gets her hair dried.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
then puts the can down, twists the cap off and pours the alcohol into a cup in front of him.
then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
then cleans off the entire wall paper and then rips it too hard while the cat is looking.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after she is back to applying white paint on the wall.
still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
watches a parade where people walk on front a marching band holding a banner and waving the viewers.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is standing in front of a car and is playing them from the bottom of his shoe watching the people driving the cars around.
are practicing how to hit a passing ball.
begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information.
picks up her violin and continues to talk before she starts to play it and stops.
puts her hands on her head while talking for the camera and a few more well placed shots play.
stops talking and ends with a smile and the words " howcast original " appear on the white screen.
begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
proceeds to clean up the stained glass.
then grabs pink lip stick and takes the girl's lip stick.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
stands upright and wipes her face with her hands while smiling.
rides all down the slide and the camera follows him walking around afterwards.
, most of them are shown without people watching them.
are going over the bike handlebars and looking at the paint.
put the seat on the bike.
starts and the people are creating a frame on it.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
continues to drum as several smaller screens appear as they show how to play.
places the wheelbarrow and supplies inside.
turns back to the girl.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel stops and the woman gets down from the camel.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
falls off his board as he performs several tricks.
watches and turns around.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
starts descending from the rock wall.
then shows the shoe again and puts it back on.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are standing and watching him.
continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
are blocking the ball as the referee is trying to prevent them from throwing it.
are a lot of people watching from the open loop stadium.
begins by playing the violin while the other performers dance in a choreographed fashion.
is seen playing together at some point while while several people are filming him.
join her as she continues playing to both the camera and the audience.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
they turn the mower upside down.
are going at it kind of quickly, they seem like very bored little kids with nothing else to do.
jumps up and down on the beam.
then pauses to kiss the ground next to him.
are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
grabs the barbell, turns it around and hooks it up.
throw it and another woman joins.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
is pulling off his jockey shorts.
Another game of polo takes place where several spectators are watching. after the event (A) is over, the judge hands awards to the winners.
falls and is briefly submerged.
see people running in a gym.
then see the end title screens.
holds a ball on a chain.
turns to face right.
fades to regular color.
starts running toward the ball, and it knocks him down on the ground.
The distinction between a boy and a girl is not always clear.
, a teen throws the ball on the field and they all runs and celebrate after the game.
practice on a gym floor, while three other boys practice in gym gym.
, a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
continues to explain what he will be doing as eventually the video stops and ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
stops going back to him playing.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
is seen giving instructions as well as a dog.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
continues scrubbing the dog while the dogs look on.
changes to him jumping again in the same spot.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
is done jump roping, she flips back on the ropes and sits back down on them.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
plays on the street while the audience watches.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
is shown again still in progress.
are shown again alone together.
stops at a certain point.
makes attempts at jumping over the bar but is unsuccessful knocking it down on the mat.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
is then seen running in from the side.
then sees running in from the side. the man
lifts it up to his chest and looks to see how high it goes.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
moves her fingers towards her mouth and stops.
puts them under the stream and has the other go under and pulls the plug out using his hands as well as a bottle opener.
leads them into the barn and she puts a helmet on the little girls head, they walk to get horses and at some point the duggar mom put a helmet on as well.
The end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
appears and the couple horses are shown individually, in different amounts, in different locations, and then slides down to the bottom on the table where a sign informs viewers how they should get on the horse to prepare for a ride in the saddle and the camera shakes in disbelief and disbelief.
places the hands back into the dessert.
takes his hands off of his causing the child to fall over again.
then smokes some smoke while looking off wildly into the distance.
weighs and puts it back down.
stands by his table watching him.
introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are all strapped together the man begins running.
, the man talks and playing guitar and talking while singing.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
is connected to a diver causing the piercing to go through her head.
are shown on a bar pouring down and then pouring in a rubik's cube.
watch the contestants perform.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is something about dogs that is contagious.
then gets in a fight with the dog being pushed out of the way.
is done with the dog she puts him down and questions him again.
mixes the flour with water to make a thick batter.
is all dirty when he is done.
becomes enraged by the bath and runs towards the door.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
is done, he shows off a close up shot before throwing in a print and showing the finished product.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
are seen speaking back and fourth and continue to move around a racetrack.
is seen swimming in a fishlike manner under the water.
, the old man sits for awhile, and then continues sailing and stops when he talks.
hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
hit the ball on the other side and the team shots.
performs a high jump successfully.
then see her from the backs as she is getting ready with her hair down.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
is gentle taking the dog's hair.
then wipes the cat's neck and the back of its head with the red cloth.
is holyriding behind the man.
continues doing it, and the woman has to wipes her mouth and nose several times.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
walks over and lifts up the ball.
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
starts playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
start fighting on the table at the same time.
follows one man to the ground, but is blocked by a garbage can and one man surrounds him with objects.
is a microphone that is continually playing on the right side of the table while two of the contestants are able to hold their fingers close to each other.
have successfully moved their hands, they go back to their team drinking and exhaling while the crowd watches them.
is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
watches a rolling skin treatment table showing several facial treatment bystanders.
hold up around a pile of discs mixed with sticks.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
is floating in the water.
struggles to get the fish out and someone comes and takes it out for him.
are four men visible and they all begin to fish out of the ice pond.
one comes out and gets a fish and places it on the ice before getting a fish to crawl out afterwards.
is playing peek a boo with someone and both of their faces have ice cream on them.
are both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
is sitting down holding a shoe while another man takes it off him.
are people playing a sport on ice with frisbees.
are being interviewed by groups.
starts by making a right turn and taking a long trip.
appears at the gate, then he is held up by his opponents.
spins a ball under the yellow cones.
move around with drums and hitting a tune in the middle of the gym and the man continues to blow a whistle and lead into more people walking past on the side.
begins to show several different clips from the show.
explains another video that he and his friend play for fun while in a roller rink.
opens the video with a quick goodbye and the closing credits are shown on the screen.
are watching as he continues to play.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
continue playing together as they dance along.
turns around into a parking lot where there's a lot of cars.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
you will see gallops on the screen as the prepare to clean the outside of a car door.
The difference between a stone and a brick is that a stone has more sides than a brick.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
go, they are shown playing some stringed instruments.
from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
, there is a blue screen with the caption lsuongs) walking the outside of a building and men holding bumper cars.
begins riding along the water on the board.
stands up and goes back to raking.
then moves the bags out of the yard and mows the lawn.
swirls the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she adds a lot of shade of red and some yellow.
stop spinning and poles except for the right and right girl.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
stops performing many tricks back and fourth.
falls into the water and recovers.
hit hoops each other as they walk.
are dragged back and forth as more videos are shown of the people having fun and running around the city fighting.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
is poured into the cup from the small bowls.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
jumped over the pole and landed on the red mat.
swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
stands and walks to the corner, threw money at the player who scores and the video starts again.
is staring off into the distance looking sick as if he's hallucinating.
enters the pan and starts cooking.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are shown walking through a tunnel while the guide is standing beside them talking.
picture, azog discus, with a fence bordering the screen.
is shown with a count of repetitions shown.
are in a court in front of lightweight balls and making areas for putting the ball on the court.
are skating during he night time.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
they have washed the potatoes the two legs turns to lather the rag and the bread cut out of the tub, followed by the pieces of proper version of what had been put in.
is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
are seated around a table watching from the sides.
is running on the field in a hopscotch game.
both stand up and go back to arm wrestling.
is seen punching and kicking a man standing up.
continue playing and here's other team scores a goal.
is refereeing for their fight.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins taking off a bike's handlebars and moving them around.
right is holding a camera while walking in the air.
sets down the knife and continues talking while demonstrating sharpening the knife.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
puts it back and puts it down.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is seen on the side.
is using a blue pump to pump blood into his feet.
, the man falls on the mat and struggle with his muscles.
does saps on a back accordion.
then installs a new roof.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
then shovels some white powder all over the chair.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
stops the boot and then puts it back on the table.
then sail the boat across a river.
then jump down the side of a bridge.
he begins to add and clip to the tire on his car.
is now standing on a conference room table and it is full of silverware and bowls and halvers.
then takes the racket, pulls the handle again and returns to the previous position in front of him only this time he takes another hit.
is sitting on his rock carving off an ice ice and stone chunk.
is showing playing a drum set.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
shows and puts more contact lenses into her eyes.
is talking about her hairstyle.
are going over the hills along the path.
are lined up, racing to break people to get to the finish line.
see a man and a cat in the indoor yard, then in the fenced yard of an event.
takes out a cigarette and lights it.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
shows another pumpkin and puts wax on it then cleans it and puts more wax on it.
is also shown riding around with a small yellow and white dog doing what appears to be a form of exercise.
are shown, nighttime and day.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
starts hit by the ball.
then dance around one another all performing martial arts with one another.
continues to cheer in bursts while replayed in slow motion.
track a ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
are unable to get up because of the large weight on their backs.
is rubbing the snow off of the sidewalk.
is washing his hands in the sink.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
is running and with other people walking alongside it.
shakes the woman on its back.
back and fourth while he dances to polka music in the end.
begins playing the violin.
of players jumping from a boat into the sand are shown.
then leaves it alone, while he continues talking and talking.
is done, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
are swimming behind a boat.
are standing in the stage watching the man play.
stands still, preparing for the cymbals.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
is about to mount a horse.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
is using a large tool called a thresher.
in the crowd are watching back on now.
pulls out a fish and hooks it in the hole.
begins fishing from a hole in the ice.
look around and watch the man skate.
continues skating around on the skate boards.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
is standing in a field with a stick moving around in front of him, while another guy stands behind him swinging a tennis racket.
is wearing a tank top underneath he has a racquetball racketball racket and a black background.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
gets caught in the frozen waters.
is playing he puts his hands up in front of him as if he is trying to block something out.
stops playing and begins drumming on the car while looking back at the camera.
is standing on the field shaking his arms.
continues playing and looking off into the distance.
goes over a winter covered hill several times.
is standing outside with a bag of wood from the garage and a lighter in a bag at his feet swinging around a woodpile.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
starts by filling in the receptacle with some tap water and closing the cap back on tight.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
he walks through a storm and into the dojo dojo fighting with the other man standing in the fourth circle.
begins to lift the barbell through the air and puts it on his head.
drops the barbell onto the ground.
is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
appears and then starts moving, the drawings again.
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
stands back up and continues pushing them around.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
then walks out with the ball while speaking to the camera.
continues shooting hoops with the ball while speaking to the camera.
are shown while someone narrates the tricks.
walks along a track with a helmet on.
watches its front paw at the camera.
is feeding a dog something.
stares blankly at it.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
are using a diversion to fish.
start wiping all over their feet.
get a different shoe and start wiping it.
then holds a person up and shows off his tool.
gets one and walks over for a bite.
vaults over a bar at the end.
run down the track and into the sand.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs again and does a front flip andlands on the track.
are then seen at various rafts rafting.
girls begin move the girl on the chair and then the one on the chair exercises along with her while she talks.
are shown mixing the bowl in turn.
continue mixing and 4 glasses come together with a bowl of cookie dough.
are shown once again in several more sitka footage.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
[Parents] begin to scrape the top off the potatoes.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
appear as the continues to play with one another and ends with the man embracing others.
bends over as the person drives the lawnmower.
puts a tack on a black, and then the dogs run by.
are then instructed and shown how to slide the knife on the stone.
are shown the polish and prep display.
are standing by recording and watching him as he kayaks through.
run down city streets and past numerous buildings.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake the leaves by hand.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
rolls the dough around and makes a sandwich.
, she slides it onto a metal tray and glues it down onto a plate.
places the raw cookie on a cookie sheet and bakes them.
are done, she removes them into the oven.
is standing inside a garage with another man dressed like a drunk.
then rounds his legs and gains the momentum to pick the weight back up and begins continuing to dumbell it again, this time squatting farther.
, the woman jumps the chair.
stands watching the woman.
mixes the flour with water to make a batter.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
stops them to talk to them.
[Partial] [Standard] [[hellaswag] A matador got knocked down by a bull and the bull injured him.
waved a red banner at him, but he avoided the bull.
is now riding the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes greens into the mug.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
stops being filmed from a high angle in a sped-up video. The man walks across the mowed lawn and sits on a bench.
goes out of bounds.
who is in black is running and served the ball.
goes into the opposing goal.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
comes down a hill.
are so strong and violent and he can't control himself as he falls for a while, doing tricks and pulling other surfers like a buoy.
starts fishing by fishing with his mouth, while the camera helps.
are trying very hard not to get caught.
enter the town, when people went on ships to an area on the coast of typhoon.
are shown being played.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
does a flip in the air.
runs after a fly as it tries to evade her.
reaches for her chin and makes a face.
, the perber machine wakes up and the black is seen and white is shown across the screen.
are lined up and the right side of the screen is flashing a green light and a red light comes on.
begins playing a saxophone.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
continue playing against one another and end by cheering.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
are standing next to them watching.
are wrestling in a ring in an competition.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
mixes the block of blocks in half.
shows a routine put to reggae music.
start they go into an intricate dance routine that fits with the song.
is over the group of winded ladies disbands from the formation.
then spits it out on to the floor in front of him.
stand on front the crowd.
give each other high fives.
are watching him in suits.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is removing shingles one by one with a tool.
is then seen in several clips hanging from a metal beam.
plays inside a building.
join in on song, hitting into one another with harmonicas and zings.
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is siphoned from a container and solids.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
shines the metal handle of the metal polish brush on the shoe from the two round item placed on top of the chair.
is then photographed in a decoder display.
are placed inside a circle so they won't burn themselves.
gets stuck into a tube that starts with a pair of scissors and is inserted into the camera.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
places the knife and the elongated sharpener on the counter top.
dorks an ice cream cone.
begins and the girls do their routine of dancing, jumping, making different line formations and baton twirling as the crowd cheers them on.
continues individually performing and ends without showing how the intro intro came to be.
turns around on the floor.
does hop scotch while swinging and mainly kneeling.
then does some discus kickboxing.
then are seen skinning a fish and holding back food.
runs around while playing, dropping sticks.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe she just had lunch.
are falling and he starts to fix it up he does a little bit huffing until it is done.
appears same exact as the first shingle, it looks different this time but it appears to be a different shape.
are running with the frisbee.
then starts putting a contact into her eye.
takes a test, she shakes them to see how much they will like the curls.
irons her hair and puts some rollers on it.
then gets on the track and begins making a record.
quickly lights a torch to light the pumpkin, then he jumps off holding the cat as he jumps through the air several times before coming to a stop.
performs a long jump at a judged professional sports event resulting in medals issued.
falls down with two others cheering as he continues to jump on the track.
of upcoming events occur as a player on red pants then flips over and then gets into a flip too.
is seen looking off into the distance followed by more adults getting ready.
is a green vehicle that says go green on it.
is an advertisement for go green car cleaning.
run down the track toward the stage.
claps for the cheerleaders.
is using her backpack and shadow to cross the street.
washes his hands and turns to face the camera.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
are waving and a man behind the camera is asking them to wave, look and say hi at the camera.
is then seen close up showing a shoe.
continues placing materials all together and comes back to the camera.
continues sharpening the knife through the apples.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
grabs more other fish.
is seen cleaning the bucket and laying it on a table.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
appears strumming guitar in front of a wooden drum set.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
goes to another line where skiers are continuing to sled in the snow.
jumps again but this time at 5'10 high, he clears it, and once again it replays.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
rushes over and submerges his butt, while a tall one comes into frame and the curling man sliding on the roof comes to a stop.
runs and now he's jumping 6'4 feet high but unfortunately he knocks the pole off and as soon as he realizes it he gets up and is very disappointed in himself.
then takes the hose and showcases it.
runs a machine over the car.
puts it under the tire of the car.
run into a building.
then see the play sequence of a play scene from a justin bieber video.
occurred but only able to land on his head multiple times.
clears the bar on the second jump.
is high enough and he sits on the bar.
are hitting a red ball back and forth.
, it is girls hit a pinata.
then pushes off the bar.
are on coaster bikes going down a hill.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a fenced in vault area.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
's moves are done, he drops two balls on the ground before piling them.
on skateboard are stepping on them spinning them.
does a trick and lands with one foot on the board.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
stops licking his left paw and finally falls into a pit of its own food on the ground.
then begins to take its front paws and starts rubbing it's face and ears and licking its front paws over and over.
unhooks from the harnesses and once more gets up and walks out of the cave.
move around the hole and attempt to fish of a fish under there water.
shows another container of wet wipes.
mixes the flour with water.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, a fish come out the hole.
then runs to the end and walks back to the starting point.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed while other people are interviewed.
see a person add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a man raise the ball to his mouth and bite.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are cooled, they are put into the oven and put onto a pan together.
are done, both of the girls take a break and then finish their food and put it on the plate.
push their backs against a cliff.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
begins to do it in repetition a few times before finishing up.
zooms in to show her any number of different notes.
on the camel are leading it while a man holding a microphone, also a man talks in the microphone and then runs behind the camels to continue leading the camel.
is walking next to the camel.
hit get into them and fall.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
stops to shrug of her coat.
puts the lettuce on top of the salad.
is pulling saran wrap out.
continues tossing the salad and mixing the dressing into it.
is mixing salad into a sparkly glasses, and talking about the whole haircut business.
behind her pours seasoning onto the salad.
shows the ingredients required for the drink.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
she grabs a cup and places it on her lap as she greats from the glass.
uses a strainer to strain the drink into a cocktail glass and places the glass on the table.
then pets the dog and lights a flame to add some heat.
goes into an emergency room.
does stunts while riding a harmonica.
goes through a stack of papers.
is then night time again.
is playing the acoustic guitar with his eyes closed.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
The distinction between a man and a woman.
finish building a tent on the ground.
continue to push the ball around back and fourth while the camera focuses on one game.
lifts up a weight that is heavier than the last one.
watches him with a pan in a living room while he speaks.
is then seen spinning around multiple times while a crowd watches on.
gains force and is able to do the heavy lifting with help and experience.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, on the past for the past 30 years, a man is shown talking 8 different times.
talks standing in a car.
collects people in a room.
are shown speaking to the camera and others riding bulls around one another.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
comes back and starts mopping in the kitchen.
returns and mops on the counter.
walks away in the other direction as the girl begins her a piercing at the ear.
puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced.
continues smoking with his mouth open and leads into him getting up and speaking to another man as well as smoking cigarettes in a conga line.
are swimming in the frozen lake.
come out to fish from the ice, looking back as they go down the mountain.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
feed the fish he just caught.
put into a box and go out partying.
are seen jumping over poles, squatting with weights, as well as performing various other exercises.
can be seen swimming around and smiling to the camera.
are holding cups with ice cream.
watches the child and a friend to the swimming pool.
places " states " on the braid.
is now against the wall, while someone is drying her hair.
changes to see the man fly over the arena.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
now playing in arenas with horse bites.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
, he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues playing with the fish one by one.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
then goes into large groups playing game of tug of war as a crowd watches.
goes into a puck fight.
line lines a fish up before going while the fish is reeling.
picks the fish up and shows us the fish.
pulls the fish out of the hole.
stands up and spins her body, demonstrating some gymnastics moves.
are two rows of pews in a church.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play.
pans right to show several people in the background who work in the shop.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
is occasionally shown playing tennis, then goes back to speaking to the group.
puts the item in the glove box area and leans on the car.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
are seen running around the circle surrounding one another as well as dancing, throwing a man into the air and celebrating.
continues playing while turning red and then green lights begin flashing around and music begins to play.
jumps over his head.
then begins pointing side to side and panning around.
plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.
holds up a hookah and lights it with a lighter.
opens the violin case.
plays the violin down near the floor.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
is using tools as he works.
are standing in front of a woman doing a tutorial on stain removal techniques.
watches the bald headed man.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
jump on top and harness up.
stop hop roping and relax.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
ends her routing a little further from the point she started and firmly drops her hands to her side and does a little bow, then opens her legs shoulder length apart and goes back into the same position as she was in when she started.
circles a couple times several more times, there is still no sign of her ending her gardingaing.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
, the skier stops talking and sits up.
swishes it around in her mouth and spits it out into a sink.
is riding a bicycle down a freeway wearing a helmet and sporting a paper tag on the front of the bicycle.
turn an bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
then takes his rake and moves the dirt back and forth around the house evening it out.
done, it looks pretty cool while it's being put into a trashcan.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
is performing with the dogs, catching frisbees and catching frisbees.
is then shown up close performing several routines including flips and handsprings as well as flipping and falling forward onto the mat.
is done he turns around and starts in on another bull.
finally signs an order and raises his glass.
is standing ide the swimmer in the pool and the both do up the rubik's cubes.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
stands up and walks into a blondness salon while other people sit at a salon chair.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
drop it down and laugh at the end.
meets in a field and then in a ring with other people.
are shown in their raft as they sail along the river.
are shown taking a break in the river.
starts from bottom to top of the leg and continues that motion.
gets on front a woman.
is shown peeling it off as she lets out a moan and holding it up.
jumps in the air and mounts the bar.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
shows examples that include carpet fibers, glue, fans and aluminum.
continues talking in his store and shows the furniture recliner and parrot.
... [[hellaswag] We see an opening title screen.
see a closing screen.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
swings the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
is walking down the court and starts doing several martial arts moves.
is pulled out and she begins cutting a small piece of tinder.
grinds it and adds salt and baking soda.
puts a liquid solution and a cherry in the solution and she gargles about three times and she puts the loaded shaker in the kitchen sink.
Intron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is talking about the benefits of being self sufficient for exercise.
continues talking about the benefits of her elliptical.
further explains benefits of the workout with an elliptical.
now begins to communicate with others and then still more women are shown engaging in female workout.
appears again and the video is shown again.
pans around the girls playing with one another while juggling balls and leads into one catching a puck and shaking hands.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
is getting what looks to be expert help from someone and he is smiling a lot.
then throws a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
ties the end and folds it into double knots.
opens it again and puts something else into the middle of it.
says " hi martin ", along with " exclusive! ".
is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
is then shown to get more information on this topic.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
cookies then shows off the cookies in the oven and shows off the camera.
bowls the dough into balls and proceeds to hang them on the wall.
then does it again for one last time.
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, a woman is standing next to an ocean and the man and woman water ski.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
gets up and squats as a crowd cheers him on and his large frame begins to spin around with very little exercise equipment on.
then lifts the bell over his head while remaining standing and and walks away.
are shown of kids swimming and leads into a girl grabbing objects under water and swimming with another.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
is shown on the screen.
is perusing the notes on his wrist sound proof nib.
are shown running and the coach is interviewed.
are celebrating is guiness.
woman begins spreading jam in the pan and speaking to the girls.
continue mixing with one another while using their hands in the end.
throws balls with dogs on the field while the dog plays fetch with other dogs.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores 1 point across the screen.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
wave at spectators, front and back.
The word "pivot" means to swish something around in the mouth.
carry on an arm wrestling match.
are playing a game of water polo.
then get their camel whistles ready.
interviews several runners and ends with her leading a world cup.
see a boy rollerblading.
is on the ground doing tricks.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
is breaking the grass with a yellow, reusable light green plastic tool.
takes his finger and starts trimming the grass from some left over growth.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
is cleaned, the men move towards the back spraying the vehicle and come back to spray the rim and go back to the trunk to get all of the spots.
is narrating the action.
is a fire going around the yard on the back yard.
then begins carving the wall along with a large metal ring attached to it and showing a close up of another wall in the same exact spot.
picks up the ball briefly.
punch each other with one man winning.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
begins singing while playing the violins as the girl behind her starts to dance.
begins playing the violin while the younger sister watches her.
begin to play the violin together.
falls off of the hand and downhill.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
then rides together floating through a tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues hitting the ball around while another walks in and jumps on his back.
is seen again a bit more and continues running down the track while people clap and the man bounces some more.
see people start when the gate opens.
stops to play all around and act really silly.
mixes and does his part several times on the track.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
get in a car and, drive away and go to japan.
are encouraging one another as they continue to play the game.
begins hand drying her hair.
puts icing on the top, then seals it.
then strike off balls as well as speaking to one another and wrapping up the interviews.
that another guy plugs into the playmate.
talks into a microphone.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
are pointing out the balls and the ornamens.
takes it in turn from the boy and the man enjoys it and walks off.
then stands on his hands and begins rubing his body into various positions.
then goes into a house and shows another man getting down on dirt.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
is shown several times jumping with people measuring his jump afterwards and raking the sand.
94 runs down the track and runs past an audience of people.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
parking his car, goes back the other direction.
is shown eating ice cream.
are shown on the screen at the end.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
meet at a red light, then they get on their bikes and go on a race track.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
uses a racket to hit a ball off a wall.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is then shown playing shuffleboard with a small boy.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
play the same game with the kids.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
is now seen staring into the camera and the lady who did the washing continues laughing when the kids continue to wash their hands.
gets onto an elliptical and starts sharpening it.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
has sharpened enough knives to make them bigger, he slides a smaller knife into a sharp one and starts sharpening it.
then sharpens the knife.
, the boys plays a game of dribbling.
tosses the baton in the air.
shows a bottle in her hand.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
holds an orange ball with several other pins in it.
in a blue shirt claps.
see title screens with instructions.
shows the screen on the machine.
begins playing the harmonica back and fourth.
tells viewers how her team is running and she hugs a cheerleader for showing her final moments.
run around on the field.
transitions to a man and woman speaking about shoes.
undoes the top button of his pants and looks confused.
continues playing and exhales a lot of smoke while turning the harmonica off.
is goin a hill taking a rest.
are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her.
hits the weights up and down on the bar while the camera captures him from several angles.
does this again while people watch on the sides.
and checks the fishing line to see if he caught nay fish.
then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
pulls a red needle out of the hole and begins going back in to try again trying and pulling some more fish out.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
watch on the sidelines.
is then shown put down and the third man succeeds in the match.
is working out on the bike.
swings the bar of the bike.
are standing in a tennis court near the net.
opens the accordion, inserts a blue string into the racket and begins to play.
are several players holding tennis rackets using the tennis racket to return a serve from the other team.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
goes back and forth between the two balls as the crowd claps and the man in black takes his bell and lets fly until he hits the ball.
are sitting behind tables watching a game.
approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the weight up and down and pushes the weight side to side.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
happily watches his ice cream being prepared.
then appears playing bongos with the others across the table.
mixes a seam in a red box.
see the box in person from a distance.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
