is holding a rubik's cube.
stands and lifts the weight over her head.
are driving the canoe, they go down the river flowing side to side.
gets in a mat.
turns his body around on the mat.
celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
look in the cameraman's eye and smile.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.
then uses a strip of sealing tape to seal the board and then smooths the bottom of the board.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
is acting crazy and attacking him while he is cooking.
takes the frog on his hand and tickles the back of it.
is covered to the boy that is playing there.
demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
is then seen sitting alone as she eats a cold brown ice cream.
get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are done, they shake hands and walk away, but cheers are heard all around as they're finished.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
runs from one side of the building to the other.
member stands looking into a hut and then handing people photographs.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are shown as she continues to dance around on the hardwood and every move makes a lash on her face.
, she takes some spray and it makes her skin extremely oily and she continues to talk until the video is over.
lose their shirt during the fight and run back the others.
instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing.
and girl then begin working out.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.
played paper if and shoot the arrows to hit the target, then he hang from the board with his Bow and Arrow.
drives through the grass while drinking from a large cup of water and carrying his lawn mower.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
is very neat and clean and very active under the circumstances.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.
see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.
is knocked upside down, which causes the other teens to give each other high fives.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
tells viewers about a dog grooming company, itv with a website.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
is standing using a white blower to blow snow.
hits a big weight in slow motion.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, the person grabs polish paste and water to polish the shoe.
continue to discuss the topic of volleyball.
uses scissors to cut the blade as well as metal and talk to the camera at the end.
and woman dance around together on the stage.
plays his guitar while moving his body around in front of the band.
are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
then are then seen running down the road one at a time followed by many more following.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast puts fluid on the pommel horse and sit on it to rise the body while position it.
discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity.
in the small blue boat holds a fish in his hands and then holds the fish while talking about the technique needed to perform this activity.
sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.
comes back to the train and continues walking on the subway.
finishes playing and remains seated.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
is reeling in a fish for an long time.
more fish and throws them to the side.
then begins washing the other child and ends by copulating with him.
is hit one after the other, and the girl lets go her hold.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
finishes and walks off, leaving the violin lying on the ground.
cooks up a meal and each are shown eating inside the pot.
is mixing the ingredients in an iron.
shows off various tapers while swinging at the pinata and throwing them out to the crowd.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
sets the iron aside.
starts hitting objects on an item.
strokes the cat's head.
finishes the sentence.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head, catches it and does a gallop.
is shown several times and ends by showcasing her back to the both the camera and a final focus of her performance.
wet his car and wipes it down.
see the building behind the car.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
follows the couple kayaking behind the group on the trail moving back and fourth on the murky water in the forest.
of trees quickly moves over the trailing wave and they follow suit as well.
belly flops on some grass before a newscaster announces the story.
shows how to harness and strap your weight on properly and she moves away from the mounting as she reaches for her left knee.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
picks the knife back up and places it on the appliance.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
continues using the appliance to put the fancy knife on the box.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
reading a book demonstrates how to use the bottle in the bathroom.
looked behind him, then and continue walking to the pole.
raises the bar over his head followed by another.
turns his back towards the camera and continues talking to the camera adding more weight along with more weight on the end.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
swim in front of the camera.
see a man holding a camera.
see divers and a man talking.
bottoms out in the pool.
wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
group of players are shown riding horses by goalie during a competition without nets strapped around them.
cuts to people riding horses on a dirt track.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
approaches, instructing them.
is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up.
begins to lose balance and falls off of his board while the man in the front is still standing up.
are seen having their pictures taken and speaking to the camera while water flows all around them.
then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance.
, the young man finish playing and take off the headsets.
trying to get the ball to go far past the basket and hit it back towards the basket while her coach continues teaching her.
is holding cored soap in his hand as he washes with a bottle.
is standing next to a man scrubbing the floor.
takes a drink of beer and complaints to the camera.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
bounces and throws the ball evenly evenly to continue the game of tennis against the two balls.
comes back to him without touching the net.
is on a slack line and is pushed down it.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
is throwing a ball for his dog to catch.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker add black ingredient and block.
, the man measures the sharpener and cut the discs on its knife, then sews the discs and carve them.
blow, flour is poured into a pan and laid out.
then weld and a bartender gives an alcoholic beverage to the worker.
, two men fight sand with an accordion while a man help him pretend.
is on the floating device and is swimming deep under the water, digging around with the pole, while spectators are standing nearby and he extends the fishing wire up to the hole he made before getting pulled under.
in three suits throws the fish down the lake onto the water while the other man at the lower depth touches the fish.
is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates, scoring.
then wipes his face.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men sail on the river until arrive to the bank of the river.
are shoveling snow from the foot of the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
are holding on to ladders.
then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
once again changes course and takes a break before continuing to talk to the camera.
played tennis ball with another person.
serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back.
finishes and gets up.
resumes playing the violin.
runs up and grabs the guitar, then begins strumming.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
zooms in to the driver side wheel and mimics it.
are shown standing next to a woman with fish on a wheel, laughing.
gets on the machine and starts riding it.
takes off on a bright course.
rinses his face with water from the body of water.
washes game is displayed.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
continues talking to the social media to find a rich husband in that world.
continues talking about the machine while smoking a cigarette in front of the camera.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
are being put into elongated pupil holes.
are interviewed by microphones outside.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
departs from the camera frame, holding a spoon and shakes it in the air.
are filled with crowds, people and cars, and she is wearing a white and orange outfit.
on the skateboards takes one final turn and then climbs the stairs of a building.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
then open the hole with a rod and let the ice out into the ocean.
flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up.
continue to throw the object around while holding the hold the fish.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see man pull back the cup and drop a dart down the grass.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
is riding on the road on its belly.
, the boy rides on the skateboard with turned legs.
screams in pain and the man finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera.
shows several different ways to clean a sink during a wash and is seen staring into the camera.
washes the other clothes in the sink and several more people walk by.
adds more soap to the washing machine and then proceeds to swirl and rinse the clothes.
motions for someone in a suit to come and gray their hair.
runs and catches frisbee.
see a guy hold a blue frisbee in the air and tell that the dog has a pink frisbee and we see its pink feet.
throws the frisbee and a dog catches it.
see the ground in a white screen.
kicks after the dog while the lady helps.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
moves back and fourth doing several other tasks while looking to the camera.
it says as follows.
is standing and talking has she hold white paper in her hands.
appear on the screen and they say " curt's theme comedy " enacted attached to a fedex limit tape.
reach the end of the yard, she looked around and started to turn around and walk back to the beginning.
makes a turn she goes up arm high and lands inside the field.
loses and has to run after the puck and end up tosing it off and the game continuing throughout.
are in their capsule marching down the track.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
swim their way up and get out of the pool while some other swimmers are still inside the pool.
are placed into a glass of liquid and cut along skin.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
places lotion on the baby's hands and speak to the camera.
sled walking in a city square, between other people followed by all running around.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of the hosts speaking to one another and people hitting the ball and walking away.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns off and continues mowing the lawn with green topped green grass surpassing the stilts.
then takes a pair of scissors and cut the wall paper and shreds it with a tool to shape it and then slips it onto the floor.
is needed and the woman get a drink from the kitchen.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
then fades to black and the camera are seen from several angles.
are shown as well as men hitting and a man showing himself through the game again.
crosses the street holding a small flag and extend his hand.
soldier carries a long shovel that blow leaves in the wind.
is standing in front of a car and is playing them from the bottom of his shoe watching the people driving the cars around.
are practicing how to hit a passing ball.
begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
fades to fade to a pitch black.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
finishes by playing a set of small drums with her hands.
gets off the mat and drops to the first mat and leans into the air before hitting it again with her hand.
then paints a floor with buckets of paint and he uses several buckets to paint the room.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
proceeds to clean up the stained glass.
then grabs pink lip stick and takes the girl's lip stick.
then puts makeup on the makeup artists face.
products her face again and shows us a photo.
then begins tugging the slide on his little body while working his way back and fourth.
, he comes back during the segments to show how he uses techniques in certain jumps and the correct way to do it.
are going over the bike handlebars and looking at the paint.
put the seat on the bike.
is put together on the floor.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
continues, making faces as he goes.
then shovels the dirt around the trunk of a large tree.
turns back to the girl.
finishes and wipes off the comb.
, the camel stop, and a person carry guide in his hands, then they ride on its back and return.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
laughs and turns around.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
is getting a pit bull purse and f are standing on the top of the rock.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are standing and watching him.
gets to the bottom and takes her turn but then falls on the ground and ends on her head.
also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
are blocking the ball as the referee is trying to prevent them from throwing it.
are a lot of people watching from the open loop stadium.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man bend over backwards, and spin making b-shaped circles in the dust.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
then makes at least six attempts.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the athletes performing tricks in various stretches as well as throwing a ball off into the distance.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
throw it and another woman joins.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
falls and is caught by the crowd.
is over, the judge hands awards to the winners.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
see people playing a game of polo.
see two men shake hands.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
turns to face right.
then fades to black.
runs across the court, knocking other people to the ground.
kick the balls at the basket.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
play basketball with a kid while facing backwards.
, the getting coach tell them to keep practicing, while trying to make basketball goals without creating obstacles.
then begins moving back and fourth while the camera follows him.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
picks up the violin and begins to demonstrate how to play a song on it.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
ends with the closing credits shown across the screen.
is throwing darts at a target.
is seen giving instructions as well as a dog.
is water skiing until the end of the clip.
pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned.
ends and he claps his hands over his mouth.
is thrown onto the board.
gets on the platform, stands up on it and does a handstand.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man lifts 79 kg weight.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
then display the results of the spin class.
runs and jumps across a mat.
works out and lifts a bar in the air with weights.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and looks to see how high it goes.
then pulls her face close to the mirror and looking at her teeth from a close up angle.
finishes and reaches for her mouth in the sink.
pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face.
and the boy ride around on their horses, grab several up a horse and throw them back to the dirt.
between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area.
appears and the couple horses are shown individually, in different amounts, in different locations, and then slides down to the bottom on the table where a sign informs viewers how they should get on the horse to prepare for a ride in the saddle and the camera shakes in disbelief and disbelief.
places the hands back into the dessert.
hands the child something from a purse.
continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
lifts it over his head and drops it onto the sand.
stands by his table watching him.
is wearing a bikini with one leg tied behind her head and looking down at herself.
applies a moisturizer to her face while dancing around.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are in, he starts to run and do his first throw.
, the man talks and playing guitar and talking while singing.
continues dancing around and getting her eyes dirty.
is in and he can't get it, he moves it back on front him to the opponent.
is connected to a diver causing the piercing to go through her head.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
are standing on the tight rope watching the jake and waiting.
are people enjoying themselves on a hammock.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is a dog in a cart, other people are helping her as she gets ready to bath the dog in the water.
then gets in a fight with the dog being pushed out of the way.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
takes a thoroughly wet dog and wets him with the water and rubs the fur all over.
is then sits down on the table and it's done.
is trying his best to keep to himself while getting bathed.
lifted the barbel feet and lower them while the people that are standing at three barbel also lifted the barbel, and then lowered it.
smells his face with his hand.
is finished, the object in question is a cylinder.
takes the names of the players and plays with him and his friends and ends with the closing graphics.
continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
are seen speaking back and fourth and continue to move around a racetrack.
is seen speaking to the camera in slow motion while standing on top of a ping pong table.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water, as a boat pass on front the old man.
hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
serve the ball over to each other and they bowl over and around each other.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance, then he flips and lands in the gym next to other men.
then see numerous images of her with her hair cut off to shoulder length.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
is gently taking the dog's hair.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
then continues to stare at the camera.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
walks over and lifts up the ball.
throws a ball over a lawn into a cup.
continue taking turns while the camera captures their movements.
start fighting on the table at the same time.
follows one man to the ground, but is blocked by a garbage can and one man surrounds him with objects.
is a microphone that is continually playing on the right side of the table while two of the contestants are able to hold their fingers close to each other.
get to the middle they begin to fold violently and together.
is being finally measured for size.
uses a razor to shave the woman's head.
holds up around a pile of discs mixed with sticks.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
try to balance far too far and he hits the dirt catching himself next to other guy.
is carried down the ice slide.
disappears into the hole in the ice and the man comes out to apply for his fishing gear.
are two fish and one of them is focused on freezing and he waves at the fish.
, a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.
is food being eaten at the event by many.
are shown running back and fourth.
begins and the people begin racing on horses.
comes across the finish line.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
continue to run around under the stage and close up of a man speaking and shows people playing a game.
shows off a series of leads on how he becomes a professional wrestler.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
alternate health issues and hairstyle on the show, providing some very detailed advice on what's to come.
are seen speaking to the camera as well as running into the audience.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
hit the harmonica against the racket causing the player on the right to lose its tune.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
then throwing in the machine mix.
cut the stone to shape, then clean the stone before putting it back into its proper place.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
finish, someone drops an item, along with their name, at the end of the video.
from the rain, it is snowing and a lot of people are standing in the street getting wet and wish they hadn't done that.
, the streaker finish on time with the wave of his hand and walks off.
rides around on the board a lot hitting water balls and laughing with one another.
throws the leaves off into the distance.
then moves the bags out of the yard and mows the lawn.
swirls the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she explains how to use the lawnmower and other tools and then she cuts the grass.
flip and the men stand on them.
stands on a foosball table and throws his legs up in the air.
continues to do the splits as he sports his body from various angles.
falls into the water and recovers.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
carry him away and show more clips of people bull fighting.
cleans the tire and scissored it, replacing areas where he thinks it's damaged.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiled in water held by a crank.
is added to the cup and more limes are squeezed in by hand.
carried the pole on his back while running.
is swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
rides the wave all the way to shore.
is holding a small fish in his hand talking.
is wiping the ice off a car.
are seen sharing their stories and experience about their jogging expedition in the mountains and their participation in the marathon races.
images of athletes from different sports appear as a result as they jet f hand through elaborate stunts and techniques.
and hits a stride.
are standing on top of the orange court practicing compete moves.
are riding at night on residential streets with friends and families as they passes other skateboarders as they pass.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
lets go of the bar and vaults into the air, holding securely on to its bar, releases the bar and serves it in an elaborate round of tangled, shimmy.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
violently cleans the bowls using a towel, followed by water coloring them.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
are sitting in the stands watching the game.
lifts his foot up to brush the shoe.
begin punching and kicking each other.
punches and kicks the same man.
continue playing and here's other team scores a goal.
is refereeing for their fight.
rinses off the mouthwash and bows in the end.
stands in front of a weight bar and counts down.
right is holding a camera while walking in the air.
then straps a loop of gold metal onto the handle of the knife and tightens it to cut the metal and leans forward to prepare the bend.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
spits it out onto his hand.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is seen a a distance away.
lifts his face up to the camera and holds up a black mat.
, the man stretch and exercises while standing on the parallel bars.
is seen looking to the camera and portraying a person's face in the mirror.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of the group playing together.
continues mopping the chair and throws it away.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
proceeds to polish the boot.
then put the boat back on the road.
then climb across the rope.
, he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is now standing on a conference room table and it is full of silverware and bowls and halvers.
is still explaining the importance of holding hands with someone who has been on the gymnastics equipment for over 15 years until the video is taken actually.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is holding a broom and bucket.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is holding a frame of pictures.
are behind the scenes.
are lined up, racing to break people to get to the finish line.
see a man in the indoor yard, then in the fenced yard of an event.
finishes while business cards are laying on the table.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
waves to the camera, gives a peace sign, then drinks from a can.
are shown and the man on the lawnmower gives one more wave with his left hand.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are sitting on white chairs next to a racetrack.
then demonstrates how to throw the ball to the goal.
then begins performing a routine on the stage with one others.
continues to move around and end with a picture.
kick a ball back and fourth while others watch.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
are unable to get up because of the large weight on their backs.
just stands with the shovel, not sure what to do.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
are engaged in a game of curl, holding the balls and punching them.
looks at her phone while the two women hold the camel down.
shakes the woman on its back.
back and fourth while the man hits the strings.
begins playing the piano followed by the person speaking more while they play.
of different beach soccer teams taking shots at the goal.
then leaves it alone, while he continues talking and talking.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
are at the watership, then they cables up into the system and rests.
is in the stands in front of the man.
stands still, preparing for the cymbals.
measuring and laying them out, various cuts of sharp wood appear on the table and he begins passing twigs to a file shelf along with fruit, carrots, apples, lemons, thyme, beautiful whipped cream to make jam.
is about to mount a horse.
grabs the horse with the dog.
is standing with a scythe and laying down his wood.
in the crowd are watching back on now.
pushes a fish to the bottom of the hole.
picks up the fish in his hand.
stand around the camera looking around.
continues speaking to others while still moving faster and faster.
standing in front of a balance bar. the girl begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
is standing on an elliptical talking.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
swims up to the bait and grabs it as the man reels it in.
struggles to get the guitar in play, a cue bird appears in the sky directly on his lap to take away the tension and rock his oar.
seems to have more than one set of notes after the move and is very worked up about his performance.
is standing on the field shaking his arms.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
gets to the bottom of the hill, where he drops off his board.
is speaking to the camera by a vintage red car.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
explains the importance of a still to show a product of the same kind of grooming.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
instead of using the bat to hit the man, he steps on the man's foot and she lets go that spins the girl around so she hits the man.
, the woman throws a small ball and they catch it and continue playing.
lifts the barbell continuously with one hand upwards placed on his shoulders.
then lifts the barbell over his head and tosses it onto the mat.
uses a hand squeegee to train the toy truck, and holds it extended for inspection until the toys are empty.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears with his logo on the left, and all of his detailed information for his shop and contact information on the right.
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
then lowers herself over the bar several times.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
then begins performing several baskets.
throws the ball back and fourth and ends by demonstrating how to tie his shoes.
are shown of skate boarding, ranging from riding by some sort of ladder, up from couches, and down from sinks.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
looks up at the camera and the camera holds its eye open.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
does a back and forth process after sticking its tongue out.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
then try to kick and move through it.
use the wet wipes to clean several rose petals off their shoes.
lay on a towel and dry them with the wet wipes.
ties it around his body while looking back to the camera.
fishes and catches small fish as well as many other fish before getting tired.
vaults over a bar at the end.
engage in a long race to the finish line.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
are then seen at various rafts rafting.
collaborate to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
then become the badminton team, competing in the javelin throw as the crowd cheers loudly.
decide sea life to prepare for their breastfeeding day.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
grab plates and dish wash and put them in the dishwasher and return to flipping the cards.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
fails once and kicks the male's leg.
are seen playing guitars and singing along while the man continues playing drums along with the song.
protect the man as he runs around the yard.
decides to turn off the red mower.
see the bath drill in action.
see the lady in red again.
are sitting in kayaks by the water from the university.
are very much like the people on tv, looking forward, and having a good time.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake some more leaves on the grass until whole.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
rolls the dough around and makes a sandwich.
some more mix, she cuts out shapes to plated and lays out it in bowls and makes a small foil fit over them.
leaves the raw cookie on a cookie sheet and bakes them.
are finished, white letters indicate that they are a gift gift from ms who is helping and sending them to the shop along with other gift and supplies.
prepares to perform a high dive off a stair stepper but it slides but slips.
then rounds his legs and gains the momentum to pick the weight back up and begins continuing to dumbell it again, this time squatting farther.
, the woman takes out the container of the mower and puts the dead grass in a trash bag, then she puts back the container in the mower.
stands watching the woman.
sits and drinks from a cup.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
stops them to talk to them.
is injured but is shot and the bull tries to eat him.
lifted the loser and threw him on the ground.
is now riding the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
extends the hand and manipulates the ingredients.
then squeezes the orange juice into the bowl of a lemon.
measures the liquid with the grinder.
mixes some water into the mug.
breaks a lemon in half.
are shown on the counter top.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
stands and walks back across the lawn.
goes far and the camera moves right.
who is in black is running and served the ball.
returns and the man in green serves the ball.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
comes down a hill.
shake the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
is laying on the ground while leading a fishing song inside the bank.
smile back at each other and dive under the water to fish.
practices on running with his dog.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding down a slide.
does a 360 revolution in the air then lands on the mat.
dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
dries her face on the towel.
, a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
takes the ball and begins dribbling it to make a goal and he succeeds and it is replayed in slow motion.
takes the weight off his shoulders.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
continue jumping along with others in the background.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
are standing next to them watching.
are in blue stand in a middle and lift one of the women over their heads to the floor.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
dips the knife through the block then dropping it on top of it.
comes onto the sides are playing a game of bongos.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
is over the group of winded ladies disbands from the formation.
then spits it out on to the floor in front of him.
stand on front the crowd.
are laughing because they are shaking hands.
shake hands and walks away.
then captures several animals raking as well as a dog chasing the ball.
is seen standing on a cane and putting on gear.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is having a concert and a mans sitting on the stage as the music plays, dancing and playing the guitar.
are carried off and people dance as they play along.
is added and the woman feet step up to the javelin.
is used in sentence of the product.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
dips a rag into the pail and scrubs.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
will flow into a small bowl inside the circle.
wets an iron and irons it, followed by the hold a knife and then irons a second boot.
then pours the shoe polishing supplies and lubricates his shoe with the product.
bends and picks the knife sharpener up.
finishes the sentence.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
finishes their routine and the instructor throws their sticks down in the sand.
turns around on the floor.
stands and showcases a mini-fridge.
is lifting weights with his left hand while sitting still.
then grab rocks and fish around in the ocean while people watch on the sides.
continues speaking to the camera while holding the stick and continuing to demonstrate.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
are running with the frisbee.
then puts the lens on her finger and places two more ends around her eyes.
takes a test, she shakes them to see how much they will like the curls.
irons the edge of the rollers for her hair.
then gets on the track and begins making a record.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as an face.
grabs an edge of a bar to stabilize himself when a wrestler slams into him.
shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
are many plant life ending lungs needed to breathe, like a of green reeds.
are cars's tires and license plates laid out for inspection.
come out and perform a routine on the stage.
stands and claps for them once they finish.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
washes his hands and turns to face the camera.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
are waving and a man behind the camera is asking them to wave, look and say hi at the camera.
is then seen close up showing a shoe.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
grabs more other fish.
is seen cleaning the bucket and laying it on a table.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
is playing an acoustic guitar.
describes the chords of a song and the proper finger placement to form the chords with a fingering chord diagram on the screen.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
finishes at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
continues skiing until he reaches the end and only people who are very loud speak to him.
is shown kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
performs continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
is getting ready to jump and this one is 6'2 feet high, he clears it, lands on the padded landing, gives himself a thumbs up and walks off.
advances to the tree and jumps between the jump ropes and lands on a red border trampoline and does a flip.
then flips off of the bike and lays in a crumpled heap on the ground.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
breaks down the product before applying it to a sponge. The man shakes up the product before applying it to a sponge.
then begin to fight one after the other.
then see men playing lacrosse and scoring goals.
is poor, and he knocks off the bar during the jump.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is the most impressive, with the athlete clearing the bar again.
are standing next to them watching.
, the person throws a bat on the ground and hits the pinata, then it flies through the air and land on the ground.
then pushes off the bar.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a fenced in vault area.
continues to talk and then walks back and fourth and demonstrates more mikan drills that involve using an electric drill to drill through a coconut in a board with a handle.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
sit by a building and watch friends skateboard.
tell who will win and who will be left out of the championship.
is done eating, the owner shows off its teeth as it licks the owner finger in its mouth.
remains where it is and has a large bite of its own.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
are talking into the camera pointing place an their hands.
dries off the shoe using a towel.
shakes his foot with music and the camera follows the movements.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, a fish come out the hole.
throws the pole off into the field while others on the side watch.
then start talking about baseball.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see people playing tennis on the table.
see a man raise the ball to his mouth and bite.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are full, they add on top of it a vegetable mix.
are done, both of the girls take a break and then finish their food and put it on the plate.
are pushing a sled with a rope as the whole of the hill is covered in snow.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
hits the bar with a hammer, then stop and shows the permit really for it.
turns and people around the stage can be seen talking to the camera.
on horses wait, then the man attached a camel to a grain cart.
tries to ride the camel but the camels legs just keep kicking.
hit get into them and fall.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
jaw to speak to the camera.
then pours the salad in another bottle and puts it on a plate next to her.
stands and claps her hands.
finishes tossing the salad and mixing the dressing into it.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
throws the salad towards the potted plant.
pours the ice in a small glass and squirts lemon juice into the glass.
pours all of the ingredients into a bell shaped brown pot that has soap inside.
, she pours and each drink a glass of the liqueur.
pours the drink into the shaker and mixes it from the shaker.
finishes grabbing the dog and putting the dog in his coat.
sets it against a house.
does stunts while riding a harmonica.
cuts tiles for a house to look clean.
is then announcin aluminum on a table.
lowers it from his mouth when he is done.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
reels in a jack o lantern.
finish building a tent on the ground.
continue hitting the ball back and fourth to one another while one throws the ball up in the air and runs away.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before letting go to fetch another one.
knocks over leaves as the man falls on the ground.
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
gains force and is able to do the heavy lifting with help and experience.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
continues piecing the bike together and pans around the finished product in the end.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
reach the winner, the people laugh and compliment the woman who is unconscious on the floor.
raise her arms when cross the finish line.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
comes back and starts mopping in the kitchen.
returns and mops on the counter.
continues talking as she plays the harmonica.
rests back down and fights the woman who finally pierces her ears.
continues smoking with his mouth open and leads into him getting up and speaking to another man as well as smoking cigarettes in a conga line.
fill their gear on sith an get ready to catch the fish.
then try and catch a seal, but it is too fish ridden for them to finally get one in their mouths.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
cleans the fish scales.
feed the fish he just caught.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
are seen jumping over poles, squatting with weights, as well as performing various other exercises.
cuts the fish, cooks it, and is then seen eating it and walking away.
adjusts the cone for the child.
eats the ice cream cone with his hand.
proceeds to trim the woman's hair.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
, the owner of the surfing is talking to the reporters about the event while demonstrating the swim jump technique he has learned from serving on numerous sporting events.
play and rotate between the two of them.
finishes with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
of scuba diving he talks and the forseti on the screen shows his location as the man takes time out sitting in a boat.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
then goes into large groups playing game of tug of war as a crowd watches.
spins and throws a ball.
line lines a fish up before going while the fish is reeling.
picks the fish up and shows us the fish.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
is shown massaging cream into her face, then rinsing it off with water and patting dry with a towel.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's a window behind them that has broken glass, so in the pews they stand together watching the man.
is a pop music video about the woman playing the violin.
man pans right to show several people in the background who work in the shop.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
finishes his match and runs a towel over his face.
adds an oil to the item, and we see the packaging.
while washing his hands.
come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
lifts his t-shirt above his head then he shows his elbow.
then begins pointing side to side and panning around.
examines the instrument in his hand.
wipes it onto a towel.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
pumps and displaying to the camera two little black turns around 5'10 " and begins jogging down the course.
uses trowels and strikes a tree.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
hands an ice cream cone to a client.
speaks their hot eights while the bald man talks for a bit.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
finish and hug each other before walking off.
then starts playing a clarinet, while holding the instrument, by moving her hand to the front not at all provoking the girl's advances.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
finishes, the girl moves closer to the camera on her knees while holding a cylindrical object, and then straightens her legs out and stops her bow.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
, his story is aired and he hands off to the camera and another reporter reporters appear in the car while viewers show them all.
throws it back in front of her and then continues smoking.
and a man dressed in white run together in the racetrack.
pass the ball to one another and passes the ball to the opposing team.
returns to face the camera and the man i just talked to begins doing some woman talk about gardening.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
seems to be talking to the camera when suddenly the dogs start fighting and punching each other.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
throws the pole in the air as his teammates run around to help him and he falls down.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
is impressed siting by the pool and have her hands on her face.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
does his stroke over 6'4 " and fades and we see the side screen again.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
wraps an arm around a boy who looks like he is in pain.
lower the weights over their heads again.
meets in a field and then in a ring with other people.
are shown in their raft as they sail along the river.
cut through deep ramps into rapids.
starts from bottom to top of the leg and continues that motion.
gets on front a woman.
is shown peeling it off as she lets out a moan and holding it up.
then jumps to the padded area and throws up her hands, and a man gives her a hug.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
is being sprayed with a solution from the water dispenser.
discusses to other persons about rafting experience.
spits it into a bin and rinses his mouth in purple mouthwash.
see a closing screen.
goes running back and he keep hitting the ball though the bases and talking to the other players.
swings the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
is playing basketball on the court.
is then added to the kindling as she picks out small sticks and lights the fire.
opens the bottle of beer that she had made and pours 1 perpatrick into the tiny glass with lime to continue drinking the beer.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
and ackle man take turn to jump in the stilts.
is talking about the benefits of being self sufficient for exercise.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
further explains benefits of the workout with an elliptical.
continues to talk about the difference between using the exercise machine and using a friend.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
zooms in on the girls water polo and the girl speaking gets toward them and throws the ball.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
is getting what looks to be expert help from someone and he is smiling a lot.
places his hands on the bar continuing to perform several tricks.
ties the end and folds it into double knots.
then presents a mirror to the camera.
is then mention with text on the screen that it can lead to high blood pressure it is then mentioned that it can hurt your hair growth and that it doesn't have any vital nutrients in it.
is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
informed of the difference difference is shown and it featured several clips of shopping lists on sitcom hosts.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
uses a bowl to clean off the cookies while speaking to the camera.
washes the dough with a sponge and then cuts it into bite size pieces.
comes back congratulating himself.
and take a break.
, more people take off their clothing and do half jumps in the river.
, the toddler and dog pass under the bathtub and the dog rolls to the rear, while the toddler stand then rinse his dog using the water, then the dog stand then head jump.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
are shown of the crowd cheering and showing the girls swimming successfully.
continues to play back and fourth on their basketball around the court.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is holding a person playing an acoustic guitar.
are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
girl pours pasta across a plate to serve the girls and plays with the girls hair.
then pass the clam to each other while holding the bowl.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores a point across the screen.
hit his hand on the back a bull and after the punch, the other man started to read the book.
dive under the water, battling each other with their mouths until one guy makes a goal.
start to talk on the table.
carry on an arm wrestling match.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
then get their camel whistles ready.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a woman holding part of a hat.
is on the ground doing tricks.
is a lawn trimmer lying on the ground near some over grown patches of grass.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
uses the trimmer to cut around the grass as he trims.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
is lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
is narrating the action.
is give yourself a break till the movie time.
uses a grout tool to plaster down and lays hits the plaster down as well as plaster out.
wins and the crowd cheers.
punch each other with one man winning.
falls out of the net and the game ends.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
on the left reaction to a song by lisa anthony and the older girl on the left react to the song by annie jones.
resumes playing the violin for laugh.
win continuously and the older sister then gets more practice and even stops playing.
falls off of the rope on the side along the side.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
concentrates on tight intertubes and the bridge above their heads.
continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots.
celebrates with other people and his same jump is shown several times in slow motion.
see people getting their bikes put together.
stops to play all around and act really silly.
runs back and fourth while doing his routine.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
, you see them on the field playing a game and later talking a little bit about it.
get in a car and, drive away and go to japan.
continue to play numerous game of field hockey.
strikes a match on the ground, lighting it.
lets the wrapping paper fall away from the box at the end.
then strike off balls as well as speaking to one another and wrapping up the interviews.
consulting with the referee and seeking help, the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
are pointing out the balls and the ornamens.
takes the cone and wraps a gift carefully.
continues speaking failing into a microphone while holding a pose.
then goes into a house and shows another man getting down on dirt.
are engaged in a game of curling.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continues when many close up do short stunts on hole slides in the street while the camera captures them from several angles.
falls off and another athlete steps up and plays with the men.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
releases the bars and then the gymnast catches both of them on his hands.
washes his hands at the sink.
throws something at the boy with ice cream.
are placed on the screen.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
on horses run fast through the finish line, and then a derby takes place.
continues wiping the baby and letting him out with her tongue.
bends down and picks up a large weight.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
finishes speaking and puts a yellow tarp over the baby.
continue talking and putnam the kids are getting ready one by one to run to the goal.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
then wipes the face of the child with a towel.
shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
has sharpened enough knives to make them bigger, he slides a smaller knife into a sharp one and starts sharpening it.
then sharpens the knife.
, two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket.
performs batons in the air.
picks up a bottle of do flip.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
see the closing screen.
grabs and guides the device.
begins playing the harmonica back and fourth.
talks about news reporting and young children dying and is shown talking to a curly haired girl from england who is wearing a jacket and smiling.
speak to the camera.
transitions to the woman speaking to the camera, finished with a title screen and the interview.
then finishes the brush and straightens his hair.
finishes playing the harmonica and exhales a lot of smoke while turning the harmonica off.
is holding the ladder to lift large object from the floor of the skate slide.
are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
is falling river and is waving to the camera.
hits the weights up and down on the bar while the camera captures him from several angles.
continues shaking the bar and ends by holding a pose in the end.
and checks the fishing line to see if he caught nay fish.
is holding the fishing line fishing out of there hole pulling romaine with it of course.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
run around throwing the object around on the ground.
beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates.
starts working out on the ground.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
are standing in a tennis court near the net.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are several players holding tennis rackets using the tennis racket to return a serve from the other team.
begins taking about more about the tennis serve and how to play effectively.
begins to demonstrate the serves.
are standing in front of the table watching.
approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it.
lifts the bar and is seen demonstrating how he performs, pausing on each bar to measure the weight.
looks behind him where a person is standing and then almost yells " urgh! " people look in front of them, shocked.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
shakes the ice cream cone with his fingers, smiling.
rubs his head and is relieved.
rearranges a garment.
see the box in person from a distance.
then put the package into a trashcan.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
