starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
swings and lands in her arms.
are then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.
stands on his hands and springs.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.
are then shown in closeups shooting a shot put.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
eventually brings it back into view and adds it to the smaller ones to make a small triangular shaped piece.
then uses a strip of sealing tape to seal the board and then smooths the bottom of the board.
writes on the board again.
then escapes and jumps away.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift by god.
is covered to the boy that is playing there.
then demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
is then seen sitting alone as she eats a cold brown ice cream.
get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them.
swing together with flip up their sleeves.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
runs from one side of the building to the other.
floats in a river.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.
she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
and girl then begin working out.
gets them some water to gargle in their mouths.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.
went to the target board and talked to the camera.
starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is shown with a green forest on seashore. Blond man is standing in seashore and talking to the camera and surfing big waves on the sea.
see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.
then see a replay then the person putting the face wash on.
is now seen putting wax all along the wall while still looking back to the camera.
is then shown and several more people begin talking about the product.
all grab one and chug their contents of the can.
tries to rise but dikes instead.
does a trick and the liquid is poured on a second table.
tells viewers about a dog grooming company, itv with a website.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
swings a white blower to blow snow.
is watching the men on the ground.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, a person polish the fingers, then the person puts a black polish.
continue to discuss the topic of volleyball.
presents the knife one last time while still speaking to the camera.
plays up front of a band with a harmonica.
swings with the band, twirling his violin as he walks.
are then shown of people riding on snowboards over mountains.
are then seen running down the road one at a time followed by many more following.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast put the star light on his hands and jumps high using strength.
discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
begins playing with the harmonica and stops.
swings in the distance while the woman looks on.
goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass.
spins around to show the different angles of the board and shows pictures of the house in the end.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
one and puts it on a fishing pole in the lake.
then begins washing the other child and ends by copulating with him.
is hit one after the other, and the girl lets go her hold.
zooms in on the pinata and then the girl.
continues to play violin while people pass by her.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
starts mixing the ingredients together.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
crosses her arms in front of her and it's gone.
starts hitting objects on an item.
puts the cat down and boxes it with paper.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
puts their hands together, and twirl together like a ballet dancer.
is still serving the baton, she places the extension on her left hand and does a full 180 degree spin in one flip.
is replayed in slow motion.
swings his car and wipes it down.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
puts up the camera.
again lifts the weight over his head.
gives her several tips and she continues creating darts.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown clearly under a large wide wave.
stretches in front of it.
starts with two small straps and it puts her into a squatting position with feet fully placed over her knee and her hands suspended and ready.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
also shows how to use tubing no a string is attached to it and she explaining the use of the tubing.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
continues using the appliance to put the fancy knife on the box.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues going around the basket while the camera is sitting in the back.
holds up the bottle, then is shown using several different solutions that she lines up together on the counter.
placed his feet on the pole and then hold it, then jumped from the pole on the poles stop and put his hands on his knees, bend down, and begin swinging on the pole.
raises the bar over his head followed by another.
stops walking back up and drops the weights back down.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
swinging a paint ball is shown followed by peaking smoking and walking around a paint ball pit. the men
are seen outside again with one man speaking and dancing in the same spot.
swim in front of the camera.
see a sea turtle in a grey body bag.
see the man turn off the camera.
swings the camera wildly.
puts the products into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides. he
camera pans to people watching the game.
swings to the people riding the donkeys.
are in a par four olympics match.
is shown on the side.
is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up.
does not have to go as far as he needed to to go as he is ready to go.
are seen swimming around in the lake and the men speak to the camera.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the young man stops playing and pass on front a row of drummers.
swings the ball far past the basket and hits it back towards the basket while her coach continues teaching her.
is standing in a house.
is standing next to a man scrubbing the floor.
puts his foot down and walks away.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
then jumps onto a tennis ball that is positioned in between a set of net and a larger setting of tables on which are arranged various rackets and vegetables as well as various sticks.
starts with his first serve where the ball hits the net.
returns with a third serve.
is on a slack line and is pushed down it.
is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
is shown again multiple times.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then lights a match and starts throwing the wood to the other.
, the cooker put the discs in a tray made of zesty and sliced them on each side of a chopped banana, then slice them and add them to the lemon slice and add a glass of lemonade.
, the man then paints the knife with the discs.
fall, others are shown as well.
then weld and a bartender gives an alcoholic beverage to the worker.
, people are again singing, drinking and dancing outdoors.
is on the floating device and is swimming deep under the water, digging around with the pole, while spectators are standing nearby and he extends the fishing wire up to the hole he made before getting pulled under.
is then kneeling on the ice and the men fly up and fly as far as possible.
is a game going on called soccer being played.
then wipes his face.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are standing on a hill of snow.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
comes to a stop on a hill of snow.
then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
once again changes course and takes a break before continuing to talk to the camera.
started hitting the ball with his racket on his gloved hand.
falls on the ground, the man put the ball down, pull the ball and set it on the ground, he ball fell, but remain upright.
stands up with a violin. The guy begins playing the violin and dancing. the guy
stops playing and drops the violin.
is strumming an electric guitar.
swings the harmonica between his hands. A person holds a harmonica between his hands a plays a song. The person
of swimming are in the swimming pool watching him play the violin.
zooms in to the driver side wheel and mimics it.
appear and one stands next to the car and the other follows behind.
engages in some form of mount.
takes off on a bright course.
falls out of his back.
is washed first gently with soap.
is a clean car wash video.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown on the screen leads into a woman putting makeup on herself.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
stops at a jar of liquid in the sink.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
stops playing the violin and starts to sit up.
is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
are made and put in.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
somebody else time.
swings the spoon in the air.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
then open the hole with a rod and let the ice out into the ocean.
splashes into the hole bigger and bigger as the others continue to pull the string one by one.
continue playing with one another in the water and join stand by to watch the game.
swings the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see a title and the man appears, shirtless.
see the ending title card on black.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
is two of the boys skateboard together.
, the boy rides on the skateboard with turned legs.
screams in pain and the man finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera.
is going to his locker but resumes washing the shirt.
goes back to using his hands to wash the clothes gradually.
ends by miming drinking the water in the sink.
in black puts a medal medal around his neck.
runs and catches frisbee.
see an opening title screen.
gives us the dog and we see the ending title screen.
see the ground in a white screen.
continues to run around with his frisbee.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
continues until the entire yard is mown.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frrt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear on the screen announcing it is time to start as the woman speaks again.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
makes a turn she goes up arm high and lands inside the field.
swings and knocks the other down.
are in their capsule marching down the track.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
are in the pool again.
are placed into a glass of liquid and cut along skin.
are begun cutting smooth lines into the discs of the discs as they are placed into the bowl, the edges.
swings the baby with the pad.
sled canoes together, then other people sled in the lake.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people dancing with one another and once again the same shots are shown in slow motion.
then rides a bike down the hill and gets her hair dried.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
then puts the can down, twists the cap off and pours the alcohol into a cup in front of him.
then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
then cleans off the entire wall paper, and then rips it too hard while the cat is looking.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
is in the middle of the parade playing a bicycle.
swings the flag of the fitters.
is standing in front of a car and is playing them from the bottom of his shoe watching the people driving the cars around.
are shown doing some of the basketball drills.
begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information.
continues to talk while showing her hands in front of her.
puts her hands on her head while talking for the camera and a few more well placed shots play.
stops talking and ends with a smile and the words " howcast original " appear on the white screen.
swings the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
proceeds to clean up the stained glass.
finally gets a space.
then puts makeup on the makeup artists face.
places her hand in the air.
then begins tugging the slide on his little body while working his way back and fourth.
, he isn't shown racing only wearing a helmet as he records himself passing very high lights.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
put the seat on the bike.
is put together on the floor.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
continues to drum as several smaller screens appear as they show how to play.
places the wheelbarrow and supplies inside.
pans around to show the others performing sort of for the camera, including one woman standing upright in front of a bush.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel stops and the woman gets down from the camel.
begins painting while standing next to a large piece of wood and pausing to wipe the brush on the canvas.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
leans away from the camera.
is standing in a skateboard standing on the ice skating.
start descending from the rock wall.
then points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are standing and watching him.
gets to the bottom and takes her turn but then falls on the ground and ends on her head.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
are blocking the ball as the referee is trying to prevent them from throwing it.
are a lot of people watching from the open loop stadium.
is standing with some other participants on a stage in front of an audience.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
swings with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
they turn the mower upside down.
are going at it kind of quickly, they seem like very bored little kids with nothing else to do.
swings up and down on the beam.
then pauses for a second to kiss the ground next to him.
are shown of people driving around on machines with one person riding in front.
grabs the barbell, turns it around and hooks it up.
throw it and another woman joins.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
swings his polo ball.
is over, the judge hands awards to the winners.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
then see a man do a high jump at 5'9 ".
then see the end title screens.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
stops dancing for the camera.
then fades to black.
is making strides in the game.
take positions next to each other and prepare for a play, the teens jog around each other standing on the court and kicking the ball to each other in a gymnasium.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
swing the ball to one of the young teens who take it, while his mother pushes the round ball to the other direction.
, a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
comes onto the screen for a video about how to play different songs on the violin.
continues to explain what he will be doing as eventually the video stops and ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
stops going back to him playing.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
swings all around part of the water road while people distract him.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
continuously spits water all along the dog while the dog sits still.
is shown again in slow motion.
is then shown floating on a tube down a river.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
stands still while a conductor plays the main instrument.
are also shown going on the bike.
is shown again still in progress.
are shown again alone together.
smiles and goes in front of the camera.
walks over to the spectator for a closer view.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
then joins the girl on the mat and begins hitting the red ball he is playing with.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and looks to see how high it goes.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
then spits the water into the sink and looks at her teeth very close in the mirror before the scene fades out.
puts them under the stream and has the other go under and pulls the plug out using his hands as well as a bottle opener.
leads them into the barn and she puts a helmet on the little girls head, they walk to get horses.
The end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
remains on the bottom right area of the screen the whole time.
places the hands back into the dessert.
swings his chin.
then smokes some smoke while looking off wildly into the distance.
weighs and puts it back down.
is standing behind him on a track.
swings one leg behind her head and looking down at herself.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are in, he starts to run and do his first throw.
, the man talks and playing guitar and talking while singing.
continues to play the instrument while moving her leg up and down and the people clap for her on the side.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
is connected to a diver causing the piercing to go through her head.
are shown on a bar pouring down and then pouring in a rubik's cube.
watch the contestants perform.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
swings the hose and wets the dog first.
is something about dogs that is contagious.
then gets in a fight with the dog being pushed out of the way.
is done with the dog she puts him down and questions him again.
swings the leash around his legs before getting dressed.
then sits down on the table and it's done.
becomes enraged by the bath and runs towards the door.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
's done, he shows off a close up shot before throwing in a print and showing the finished product.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
work around him in various angles and ends with their closing poses.
is seen swimming in a fishlike manner under the water.
, the old man sits for awhile, and then continues sailing and stops when he talks.
hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
hit the ball on the other side and the team shots.
holds the weight bordering his sit position and runs on the distance.
then see her from the backs as she is getting ready with her hair down.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
tattoo on it is standing behind it.
then wipes the cat's neck and the back of its head with the red cloth.
is standing nex to a van wearing stilts. another man.
then continues to stare at the camera.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
swings over and lifts up the ball.
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
starts playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
start fighting on the table at the same time.
rolls off and turns around on itself in slow motion.
is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate.
have given each other a high five, they hold out the no off sign after each other's initial victory.
is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
sits in front of a rolling skin treatment table showing several facial treatment bystanders.
hold up around a pile of discs mixed with sticks.
does but the pole falls then he jumps but he fails to land very far.
try to balance far too far and he hits the dirt catching himself next to other guy.
is floating in the water.
struggles to get the fish out and someone comes and takes it out for him.
are two fish and one of them is focused on freezing and he waves at the fish.
one comes out and gets a fish and places it on the ice before getting a fish to crawl out afterwards.
opens her mouth and a drop of eat the ice cream all over her face.
are just enjoying the ice cream very much.
are in a tunnel together, with various floral designs shown in larger picture.
is in a shop presenting shoe advice.
are people playing a sport on ice with frisbees.
are being interviewed by groups.
begins and the people begin racing on horses.
stands up and nods before being interviewed again.
spins a ball under the yellow cones.
continue riding around on skateboards as well as following behind one another as well as people speaking to the camera.
shows off a series of leads on how he becomes a professional wrestler.
then picks up some tagine and puts that on the screen, words flash across.
closes the video with a quick goodbye and the closing credits are shown on the screen.
are seen speaking to the camera as well as running into the audience.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
continue playing together as they dance along.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
are more close up shots of knife sharpening tools and taking them off the counter and putting the squares in the pockets.
then throwing in the machine mix.
swing the knife on the ground and sharpen it off by sharpening it using sides.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
go, they are shown playing some stringed instruments.
from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
, there is a blue screen with the caption lsuongs) walking the outside of a building and men holding bumper cars.
begins riding along the water on the board.
stands up and goes back to raking.
Knels down and puts what he is raking on the ground.
swings the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she advertises in the news and they print its title and stuff.
stop spinning and poles except for the right and right girl.
goes first to the rope then he goes up again.
stops performing many tricks back and fourth.
falls into the water and recovers.
bounce and flip over a wobbly bar onto a mat.
are dragged back and forth as more videos are shown of the people having fun and running around the city fighting.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiling in water held by a crank.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
jumped and got he pole.
is swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
stands and walks to the corner, threw money at the player who scores and the video starts again.
is staring off into the distance looking sick as if he's hallucinating.
is standing under the pile of ice with some fish.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are shown standing beside the rink.
images of pyramids in egypt are shown and then the video exposes the pyramids returning to the pyramids and returning back to the objects and pyramids they were a part of while the credits roll.
is shown with a count of repetitions shown.
are on opposing sides of the court holding rackets.
are skating during he night time.
move all around the court shooting at one another with the ball.
lets go of the bar and vaults into the air, holding securely on to its bar, releases the bar and serves it in an elaborate round of tangled, shimmy.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
they have washed the potatoes the two legs turns to lather the rag and the bread cut out of the tub, followed by the pieces of proper version of what had been put in.
is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
pops the lemons with a straw.
are sitting on the sidelines watching the game.
is running on the field in a hopscotch game.
both stand up and go back to arm wrestling.
swings and kicks the same man.
continue playing and here's other team scores a goal.
stands on one leg.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
stands in front of a weight bar and counts down.
swings a ball in the air.
sets down the knife and continues talking while demonstrating sharpening the knife.
points and sits next to the knife down.
puts it back and puts it down.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is shown in the background.
swings a ball in the air.
, she jumps, spins and flip making the splits while the man watches.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
then installs a new roof.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
then zooms in and can see the holes he just sprayed them with.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
proceeds to polish the boot.
then put the boat back on the road.
then jump down the side of a bridge.
swings the snow off of his windshield.
is now standing on a conference room table and it is full of silverware and bowls and halvers.
then takes the racket, pulls the handle again and returns to the previous position in front of him only this time he takes another hit.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is shown playing a drum set.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
are then caught and run home with their dogs.
shows and puts more contact lenses into her eyes.
is standing in front of the camera.
are running full speed down the track.
are lined up, racing to break people to get to the finish line.
see a man laying tiles a wall at a plant garden and laying tile again in an open field.
takes out a cigarette and lights it.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
shows another pumpkin and puts wax on it then cleans it and puts more wax on it.
begins mowing the large green grass with the other camera man following close behind.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are standing in a race track running and making a long jump and the video shows a repetition. Man is smiling and fells in the track of happiness.
starts hit by the ball.
start performing cheer roping on a fake stage while many watch from the stands.
continues to cheer in bursts while replayed in slow motion.
then begin shooting hoops and passing to one another.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
are standing in the heavy falling snow. they
just stands with the shovel, not sure what to do.
swings the fanny pack.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
waves at the camera.
begins to walk and carry the women on it's back.
back and fourth while the man hits the strings.
begins playing the violin.
of players jumping from a boat into the sand are shown.
then leaves it alone, while he continues talking and talking.
is done, he stands on top of a mound of new green fluff and begins throwing the fluff to the ground as he takes his smoke holder and lights it.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
stands still, preparing for the cymbals.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
is about to mount a horse.
swings on his horse to perform the same stunt.
is standing with a scythe and laying down his wood.
in the crowd are watching back on now.
swings a fish to the bottom of the hole.
begins fishing from a hole in the ice.
stand around the camera looking around.
continues skating around on the skate boards.
standing in front of a balance bar. the girl.
poses with the beverage.
is standing in a field barefoot with a stick moving around in front of him, while another guy stands behind him swinging a tennis racket.
is talking he is also being held by being shirtless, and is showing off the number 678 alongside the elliptical opposite him that continues to display the number 779.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
is shown of the cold waters below.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
seems to have more than one set of notes after the move and is very worked up about his performance.
is standing on the field shaking his arms.
continues playing and looking off into the distance.
goes over a winter covered hill several times.
is standing outside with a bag of wood from the garage and a lighter in a bag at his feet swinging around a woodpile.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
is standing next to a saddle on a back porch with a white hose in hand.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
begins to lift the barbell through the air and puts it on his head.
swings the barbell over his head and drops it on the ground and hang there with one foot.
is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
appears and then starts moving, the drawings again.
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
stands back up and continues pushing them around.
swings around on the bottom of the cart.
then holds the cone underwater and sucks all the melted ice cream out.
then points all around him and starts hitting the object from various angles.
straight across the basket with a forward momentum.
are shown while someone narrates the tricks.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
waves its front paw at the camera.
looks into the camera.
is placing its legs in a bag.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
are using a diversion to fish.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
stand up and grab another and put it on the back.
then scrapes the blade over a rock and shows how to properly wrap it around his leg.
finally gets the fish up onto the ice and he sees that it is a really big catch.
falls over and stands up.
swing into each other in the street.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
swings backwards and lands on the track.
are in the water, trying to make floats.
swings around the food, having it made straight out from scratch.
are shown mixing the bowl in turn.
decide sea life to prepare for their breastfeeding day.
are shown once again in several more sitka footage.
swings a ball over an oven.
begin to scrape the top off the potatoes.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
appear as the continues to play with one another and ends with the man embracing others.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
puts a tack on a black, and then the dogs run by.
see the stone in the washer and dryer and the instructions are given.
see the lady in red again.
are standing next to the strong waves.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man put the leaves in a bags.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
rolls the dough around and makes a sandwich.
some more mix, she cuts out shapes to plated and lays out it in bowls and makes a small foil fit over them.
swings a cookie inside the cookie then puts them inside a rolled up package.
are done, she places them in an airtight plastic container for storing for future consumption.
is standing inside a garage with another man dressed like a drunk.
then rounds his legs and gains the momentum to pick the weight back up and begins continuing to dumbell it again, this time squatting farther.
, the woman jumps the chair.
stands watching the woman.
swings a ball into the air.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
stops them to talk to them.
helped him get away after he was gored in the neck.
waved a red banner at him, but he avoided the bull.
is now riding the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
breaks a lemon in half.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
is now outside shown standing in various locations and his mower slowing down as he goes in and out of frame.
stands and walks back across the lawn.
goes out of bounds.
serves the ball again.
goes out of bounds again.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
swings his surfboard on the waves.
swings the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
grabs some fish and gets in the water and puts it in a hole.
are trying very hard not to get caught.
is in the was standing behind the men when a man pushes before another starts boxing.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
does a facing flip and lands in the sand.
swings her arms around and eats a candy.
swings her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
they are done bouncing, the man in blue returns and bowls it back, which continues to bounce on the table one at a time.
are lined up and the right side of the screen is flashing a green light and a red light comes on.
is holding a gate open.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
continue jumping along with others in the background.
are holding a wrestling pole as the referee is standing on the other side of the ring.
are standing next to them watching.
are in a happiness blue shirt are the only judge wearing a white shirt.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
cuts along the sides and places the mix in the mixer.
shows a routine put to reggae music.
start they go into an intricate dance routine that fits with the song.
is over the group of winded ladies disbands from the formation.
spits out alcohol and spits it back in.
stand on front the crowd.
give one really high fives.
are watching him in suits.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
swings one by one with a tool.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is shown on stage, and a man is quickly playing a violin.
are played as the focus remains on the violin.
is measured and measured.
is siphoned from a container and solids.
swings the chair and puts it in the trash.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
set the stool on the side of the chair to show the underside of the chair.
is then photographed in a decoder display.
are placed inside a circle so they won't burn themselves.
swings a ball in the air.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
holds the knife in his hand and a blue piercing outline of the knife is in the center wile the guy is sharpening it.
stops an ironing machine.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
then moves around the ground doing swaying motions.
then kneels on the ground and talks to the camera.
stands and showcases a mini-fridge.
then does some discus kickboxing.
then grab rocks and fish around in the ocean while people watch on the sides.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
are running with the frisbee.
then starts putting a contact into her eye.
lets the rollers heat up and she puts them onto her hair.
irons her hair and spikes it up.
then gets on the track and begins making a record.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
performs a long jump on a track and into a sandpit in front of judges and onlookers on the sidelines.
is shown he gets up from his seat and shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
in the middle runs up to the end of it and pulls it back.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
is an advertisement for go green car cleaning.
swings in front of the stage. cheerleaders.
stands and claps for them.
swings the camera.
then stands in front of a sink and rubs it all over various areas.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
stands in the middle of the camel while walking at a rapid pace as she jumps and flips herself on the camel.
is then seen close up showing a shoe.
continues placing materials all together and comes back to the camera.
then walks over and picks up one he was slicing.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
grabs more other fish.
is seen standing in front of a hose and dipping clothes underneath as well.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
goes to another line where skiers are continuing to sled in the snow.
swings again but this time at 5'10 high, he clears it, and once again it replays.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
swings over and submerges his butt, while a tall one comes into frame and the curling man sliding on the roof comes to a stop.
is just walking his board as his excitement gets the better of him and signals the start of his jump.
then takes the hose and showcases it.
swings up the product before applying it to a sponge.
puts it under the tire of the car.
then begin to fight one after the other.
then see the play sequence of a play scene from a justin bieber video.
occurred but only able to land on his head multiple times.
returns, but the jump is pointless, he still has practice, and he has never done it.
is the most impressive, with the athlete clearing the bar again.
are standing next to them watching.
, it is girls hit a pinata.
then pushes off the bar.
run in the background behind the cart.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a fenced in vault area.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
is done with his count, he turns the pinata and begins to pour some water.
swings bikes are played.
does an trick and lands with one foot on the board.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks its left paw.
stops licking its left paw and finally falls into a pit of its own food on the ground.
is now standing on its front feet licking its right paw.
is done grooming itself and it just sits still.
put the fish in the hole and the lady might be able fix them.
shows another container of wet wipes.
shakes his foot with music and the camera follows the movements.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, a fish come out the hole.
throws the pole off into the field while others on the side watch.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see the ending screen on a black background.
see a person score a point we then see the ending screen.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are full, they add on top of it a vegetable mix.
are done, they are placed on the table and the two begin eating.
are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
Tosses the bar up in the air.
zooms in to show her any number of different notes.
are sitting on top of the camel.
is walking next to the camel.
hit get into them and fall.
start they reel it in and we see the coming song on the screen.
stops to shrug of her coat.
puts more dressing on the salad.
stands and claps her hands.
stops tossing the salad and mixing the dressing into it.
is mixing salad into a sparkly glasses, and talking about the whole haircut business.
swings the salad while smiling.
shows each scale of the cocktail by adding different colored liquids.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
swings a cup and places it on her lap as she greats from the glass.
pours it into glass and adds down a third.
then pets the dog and lights a flame to add some heat and leads back into the dog being tv interviewed and shown off again until it goes back to the other arm wrestling event.
goes into an emergency room.
does stunts while riding a harmonica.
swings in front of a house.
is then night time again.
switches sides quickly, continuing to play the instrument.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
swings in front of the camera talking.
swings a ball in the air.
continue to push the ball around back and fourth while the camera focuses on one game.
picks up an additional burden of weight up and drops it on the other man.
watches him with a pan in a living room while he speaks.
does another lit with his weights while another man watches in the background.
then lifts himself up over the bar several times.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, on the past for the past 30 years, a man is shown talking 8 different times.
films on front the finish line while people is arriving.
watches the finish line while people is arriving.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
stops mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
moves around the counter the floor sweep the points near the stove.
returns and mops on the counter.
walks away in the other direction as the girl begins her a piercing at the ear piercing.
stops playing and smiles.
continues smoking with his mouth open and leads into him getting up and speaking to another man as well as smoking cigarettes in a conga line.
fill their gear on sith an get ready to catch the fish.
fish up a large red hole while wearing protective tape over their mouths.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
cleans the fish scales.
feed the fish he just caught.
put into a box and go out partying.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
releases the fish swimming free in the large body of water.
puts the cone under the boy's nose then in his mouth.
swings the ice cream cone.
places " states " on the braid.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
changes to see the man fly over the arena.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
play and rotate between the two of them.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
of scuba diving he talks and the forseti on the screen shows his location as the man takes time out sitting in a boat.
continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
then goes into large groups playing game of tug of war as a crowd watches.
goes into a puck fight.
puts on his mouth piece and hooks a fish.
points at the camera and smiles.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
stands up and spins her body, demonstrating some gymnastics moves.
are two rows of pews in a church.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play.
pans right to show several people in the background who work in the shop.
continues to explain the various positions of the climbing tube as well as shooting it up high in the air.
is occasionally shown playing tennis, then goes back to speaking to the group.
pretends to scour the windows.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
continues playing while turning red and then green lights begin flashing around and music begins to play.
swings over his head.
then begins pointing side to side and panning around.
examines the instrument in his hand.
holds up a hookah and lights it with a lighter.
plays a song on the violin.
plays a song on his violin.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
is using tools as he works.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
swings the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
then the front part of the ice cream shop and end by offering the food to one another and the closing credits flashing.
swing on top and harness up.
spin around in the air and throw their hands up.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
ends her routing a little further from the point she started and firmly drops her hands to her side and does a little bow, then opens her legs shoulder length apart and goes back into the same position as she was in when she started.
circles a couple times several more times, there is still no sign of her ending her gardingaing.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
, his story is aired and he hands off to the camera and another reporter reporters appear in the car while viewers show them all.
spits the mouthwash on the ground.
wearing a black jacket lines up at the center of a sea filled crowd in the starting line waiting for the starting line.
continue going and one man wins and the other two jump in joy.
then takes his rake and moves the dirt back and forth around the house evening it out.
done, it looks pretty cool while it's being put into a trashcan.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
is performing with the dogs, catching frisbees and catching frisbees.
then begins running down the track on the rod while the audience cheers him on and applause when he's finished.
is done he turns around and starts in on another bull.
finally signs an order and raises his glass.
is standing ide the swimmer in the pool and the both do up the rubik's cubes.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
continue to mix ingredients together in pots and pans and finally eat all the food on the table.
does his stroke over 6'4 " and fades and we see the side screen again.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
stand up and throw the weight onto the stage.
meets in a field and then in a ring with other people.
goes to another part of the body of water together.
are shown taking a break in the river.
is then shown shaving her tattoo and applying the cream or just relaxing.
swings her arms in the air.
sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
jumps in the air and mounts the bar.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
is talking to the camera enmate the screen.
points to all of the materials the furniture is made from while holding a bowflex gun.
continues talking in his store and shows the furniture recliner and parrot.
swings his mouth open and spits it out.
see a closing screen.
goes right and we go left.
swings the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
in the stands shuffle to the front of the court and stands over him.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
swings the shaker and puts one ounce of both of them and then she adds a little bit of pineapple juice and cranberry juice.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
Intron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is talking about her trainer and the benefits of the machine.
continues talking about the benefits of her elliptical.
appears, lying down on the elliptical and explains how the switch works and in the end ends with the key being shown dropped on the screen.
continues to show the viewers the correct way to exercising on the elliptical.
appears again and the video is shown again.
pans around the girls playing with one another while juggling balls and leads into one catching a puck and shaking hands.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
then brings the canvas a closer look.
then jumps over the bar and is shown again in slow motion.
then puts it on his arm.
opens it again and puts something else into the middle of it.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
informed of the difference difference is shown and it featured several clips of shopping lists on sitcom hosts.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
cookies then shows off the cookies in the oven and shows off the camera.
bowls the dough into balls and proceeds to hang them on the wall.
then does it again for one last time.
Behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, a woman is standing next to an ocean and the man and woman water ski.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
then rolls out the excess weight over his shoulder portion and let it hit the ground before jogging across the gym in a sprint.
swings hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
are shown of kids swimming and leads into a girl grabbing objects under water and swimming with another.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
is shown on the screen.
is standing holding an harmonica while is playing the guitar and its reading the music sheet.
are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard.
start doing front is to the goal taking hits in the game.
girl holds out food to the camera while several others go outside.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
throws balls with dogs on the field while the dog plays fetch with other dogs.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores a point across the screen.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
grip each other's hands and start dancing in place.
start to talk on the table.
begin to shave their legs with their hands.
are playing a game of water polo.
then get their camel whistles ready.
continues running in the field with the others and others hiding in the woods.
see the kids riding down the street from a skater pov.
is on the ground doing tricks.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
is standing on the ground near some over grown patches of grass.
picks up the newly trimmed patch of grass and starts trimming it.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
of the car is cleaned the men put the back of the car in the back of the van could be seen in the garage.
is narrating the action.
is a fire going around the yard on the back yard.
then begins carving the wall along with a large metal ring attached to it and showing a close up of another wall in the same exact spot.
wins and the crowd cheers.
punch each other with one man winning.
comes up short of the net.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
begins playing the violin while the younger sister watches her.
win continuously and the older sister then gets more practice and even stops playing.
swings on the side of a hill then rides down the slope laughing.
Straps together the inter tubes in a circular grouping with the kids sitting in them.
then rides together floating through a tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots.
is seen again a bit more and continues running down the track while people clap and the man bounces some more.
see people start when the gate opens.
stops to play all around and act really silly.
stands with arm extended as another man runs down the track.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
swing a ball and talk about it a little bit.
are encouraging one another as they continue to play the game.
strikes a match on the ground, lighting it.
grabs an egg and circles it with a silver marker.
then strike off balls as well as speaking to one another and wrapping up the interviews.
consulting with the referee and seeking help, the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
talks into a microphone.
again, the instructor then comes and discusses the topics before the class.
are pointing out the balls and the ornamens.
takes it in turn from the boy and the man enjoys it and walks off.
then stands on his hands and begins rubing his body into various positions.
then goes into a house and shows another man getting down on dirt.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
then stands and begins running with the rope and one chases after him.
94 runs down the track and runs past an audience of people.
flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
parking his car, goes back the other direction.
is standing in front of a plate with four green beans on it.
are shown on the screen at the end.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point.
then shaves a face while the child still shows the sister wiping its face and ends by looking around the camera.
swings a ball in his hand.
then jumps and swings with her legs.
is then shown playing shuffleboard with a small boy.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
play the same game with the kids.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
is now seen staring into the camera and the lady who did the washing continues laughing when the kids continue to wash their hands.
gets onto an elliptical and starts sharpening it.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
has sharpened enough knives to make them bigger, he slides a smaller knife into a sharp one and starts sharpening it.
then sharpens the knife.
, two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket.
goes back and forth on the floor.
shows a bottle in her hand.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
have an animated conversation where only the boy and the walkie talkies are in his use.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
lifts a ball up into the air.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
see the closing screen.
shows the screen on the machine.
then begins playing several songs while pausing in between.
tells viewers how her team is running and she hugs a cheerleader for showing her final moments.
run around on the field.
transitions to the woman speaking to the camera, finished with a title screen and the interview.
undoes the top button of his pants and looks confused.
begins to play the harmonica more.
is goin a hill taking a rest.
arrive in a stadium to a sunblue basketball court.
is high fiving sesame street.
swings the weights up and down on the bar while the camera captures him from several angles.
does this again while people watch on the sides.
in the ice for the fish to head for the ice.
is holding the fishing line fishing out of there hole pulling romaine with it of course.
fish out of the hole and attempts to catch some more.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
watch on the sidelines.
is then shown put down and the third man succeeds in the match.
starts working out on the belt.
swings the bar of the bike.
are standing in a tennis court near the net.
is playing racket ball with the first player.
is a blue board behind the blaez net.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
goes back and forth between the two balls as the crowd claps and the man in black takes his bell and lets fly until he hits the ball.
are standing in front of the table watching.
approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
Sprinkles ice cream on the ice cream cone.
then appears playing bongos with the others across the table.
swings a cotton ball.
see the box in person from a distance.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
