wheels around as her dog thunders out.
stops, listening to a cup of coffee with the seated woman, who's standing.
makes his way past it and peers out a window.
levitates and blows one girl's skirt up.
holds a pointy tool that uses to fix the handle of the bike.
laughs and does little more flips.
begins to cross his bike as if in a game to catch it.
continues cutting the pieces all around the roof and presenting it to the camera.
to do his routine on the bars.
supervises the routine of the gymnast.
shakes her head and the woman looks over and the photographer's away.
continue to speak with one another while the girl knits.
holds up on inspection.
continue with their conversation.
collapses and falls to the floor.
removes the tool and pulls on her lip.
points at her foot for sure she is dancing.
begins to laugh in the room.
are playing on the sidewalk in front of the players.
shakes hands with her dog.
looks up the spiral staircase and sees the twins looking over the banister rail on an upper level.
are sitting on a horse.
are shown of people riding around on dirt bikes.
continue riding around on the track.
watches an assault rifle and drags him through to the police car.
holds his gaze as someone hands a cup to a neighbor.
strokes its head and lets it go.
watches from the corner of the pool.
skips happily through the front door and to the lift.
's a pound stone hits his own car that blocks his breath.
paces posted and her.
stare up at them in their early white bridal styles.
puts the envelope on the wall.
plugs a key to a pocket's pocket and reaches out to pick up something.
gets him in the nuts and staggers away, finishing his coffee.
touches a green graphic on the lips of a black felt machine, and on tape.
trips at the head of the floor and jumps off to his knees.
lights it and puts it on as he sits down, lit by the light.
sits with her hands next to someone.
propped up on the swing of his hand.
smiles as she sleeps in the closet.
continues on with his tools and ends what he has done without looking at.
cuts to a sharpener and how much he was trying.
digs his heel into the base of a tree to push away the mulch.
gets down on his knees and begins to remove the mulch by hand by pushing it further from the base of the tree.
stare past scans at someone, listening.
scowls at the teen as someone holds him close.
crosses toward the door.
looks toward someone, and someone can't stand watching tears.
shakes hands with someone's beautiful wife and children.
gives some self look.
starts to move toward the pylon.
moves up at them.
keeps on his laptop.
waves it under the water and we land on someone.
show an long cartoon picture.
gives an faint smile.
flips off the bar and lands on her feet.
watch them dance but does n't fit in the same time.
runs in front of the beam.
spins with her ballerina batons.
is talking to the camera and standing on a podium.
are talking to the camera standing on the sand.
are in street in a parking lot celebrating with horses and horses.
are in a gym playing beer pong.
stop dancing, bow and grabs a cloth to wash their face.
continues to rake, clearing a path of dirt underneath.
spins around using a leaf blower.
continues to play a bag.
plays more fast the drums.
bends over and rinses his hands and more leaves.
begins to put on a shoe.
paces in front of someone.
flexes his feet and gazes upward.
is standing in middle of a room in a gym lifting weight.
lifts a barbell over his head.
grabs his shoes and puts tools inside.
continues until they finish the cube and then shows his time on the screen.
pans around the car in front of them moving away in different attempting attaches gambler somehow made their work.
continue to ride around on the side while wandering around the still deserted area.
paces left alone in his room as someone works on a box monitor.
are properly riding in their raft.
come to an stop by a dock.
lights a candle on a tam - tam.
enters the silky gray images swirling around the room.
floats into the great hall where the students are sitting at long tables.
nervously breaks the seal on the red envelope.
sits watching someone and the giant spider which spreads around someone's neck to let someone fall.
leaps from his pipe as he steps out into the dark.
is sitting - a ring on his gloved hand.
put a cover on the cup and shake the mix.
slowly rubs his upper lip with his thumb.
puts metal on his mind.
begins to turn it around and around attempting to match all the colors on each side.
continues to turn the cube around and watches sticks.
matches all the colors and slams the cube on the table while hitting the timer at the same time.
gallop through the great hall.
leans on the hammock's lid.
grabs a ball and pulls back a third.
play the drums on their mother as someone smiles.
shows products his shaving brush before shaving up his face.
is talking about shaving hairstyle in his hands.
has shaving cream on his face and reads a label on a pressurized can and discusses it.
starts a nut on the table and cuts it into four.
holds up a metal oil can.
then go out on the statue.
checks the computer screen and smiles at them.
smiles as she turns to the air large panel of dolphin photos.
turns on the light.
continue to play on smiling while more clips are shown of people taking pictures in the pool.
play in a skate area where the mallet came.
begin to play an game of indoor field hockey ball.
continue jumping around and cheering on the crowd.
are numerous players shown in rope to same preparing for a final hit of field competition.
keeps grooming the dog and combing his hair.
is standing in a room wearing a sweater that is standing on a rope behind her.
stands the dog up and continues to cut its hair.
moves on and start to cut the hair on its ears.
starts to cut the hair of a dog that is sitting on a table.
talks on camera before the camera cuts to a blonde haired reporter also talking on camera.
cuts to a four person news panel of people talking on camera.
uses the electric drill again to mind down the floor jack and lower the car.
lifts his head in a black pan.
is working out on an elliptical machine.
smiles at them.
runs a hand on someone's head.
takes out a vodka bottle.
leads someone and his kids through a grove.
plays a game of polo.
leaps in through the closed door.
plays on ferris' lips as he regards the staff.
extends it over the moat.
flips open his phone and looks around the room.
solemnly shakes her head, then yields a smile.
stares at someone through his eyes.
moves on.
go there a third time.
turns on a canister.
sees an framed mirror in the door.
wave his fingers, gliding to the surface of an oncoming body.
watches his father across the bedroom.
watch him from the woods into new mexico.
follows her and its fissure blank.
leans close to her.
is brought back to the trunk beside him.
opens the front door and slowly opens the door to reveal a collection of chinese writing.
brings him his drive.
peers at the huge claw, listening.
shows a red car set by suitcases.
follows a trail of torn hair and two piles of leaves.
stops a gate down a bustling roadway.
appears in the air beneath the pulling band.
turns it in the light, then gives it a sniff.
runs onto a narrow cover.
shakes his head and aims his pen.
turns the key extending a deadbolt.
watches with a grin.
shakes his head and leaves.
shakes his head and leaves.
in a clear peaceful, middle - length room, people desperately search their spots, watching a documentary in chinese photos and fencing.
crosses someone's side in a framed street.
rides up a city street, taking off his hood and chugs some shots with food.
gives a disgrunted stares.
watches the computer screen photo of him.
opens the door and walks inside.
watches the bathroom door open.
scowls at someone.
gives him a sultry smile.
smiles at someone and nods.
starts turning the key on the door, tossing it down, and smiling.
hands over the item in alternate editor to display him curtains before everyone moves through scenes of men and some guests.
slams the gate on his fingers.
waves at the crowd.
bounces lightly, then tries another spot.
goes over a jump on his motorcycle.
tilts the light from several angles into his drive.
watches the screen with some angry on.
does a series of stunts on stilts.
is talking to the camera and lighting it.
gives interviews with a warm ups between basketball shots.
takes the clips from around his harness and clips them to the next hook on the rocks.
can be seen behind watch him.
continues dribbling the photo.
raises his hands in the air.
is all completed shortly afterwards.
puts down the razor on the head while looking away.
spin and turn to another.
steadies the skiptracer by the shed.
watches someone fall to the ground as chase swaggers off him, gun in hand.
opens an large, long, wooden plank awning.
dramatically zoom back from the tanker ad glide above the truss bridge.
pulls the driver out.
roars over as he wrenches control of another car.
blows on the street.
pulls up alongside the beetle and shoots out the driver side window.
swerves into another traffic lane.
attempts and launches someone pulls the lever, heart flying.
cuts off a sedan and rides up alongside them again.
raises his arms.
slows to a stop gushing oil and fuel as sparks fly from the tumbling motorcycle.
overtakes the rig and falls off his bike.
pulls around to the drive - thru window.
feels around it and falls in the seat once more.
stops one down and rubs a piece of the gift out.
stands next to him, staring blankly.
talks using the phone and walks away for a few seconds.
rise someone's feet up.
deep and continuing, its bleed - length sideburns pressing on him.
rests his knee on the narrow ledge of the corner.
leans out of the drive - thru window, grinning at her, holding bags filled with fast food.
are almost gone now.
is tucked behind his legs.
has come to his feet on the balustrade.
struggles to appear nonchalant.
gets into his car and comes back to school.
watches, at first baffled, then impatient.
leans forward from the passenger seat and glares at us.
reveals someone standing outside the door looking in, watching someone with great tenderness.
leans back, releasing a second punch from both of his hands.
starts forward, finding the door open.
takes off the cake.
tries to keep up.
continuously spins around the waves while the camera captures all of them from several angles.
glides along the water in slow motion and is then seen speaking to the camera.
uses the timer to move off.
turn a red bend to the left.
goes and begin doing another routine.
gets lost and stops.
start to move forwards.
is rolling a puppy out on a small sofa.
's a young man sitting on the bath tub along with the woman.
stops scraping a brush bubbles to the camera the little girl looks up to see more the warm animated credits.
bend down and she does the top bodybuilder on someone.
are hand on a small table.
puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich.
opens a bag of swiss cheese and places a slice on each bread slice.
uses a knife to sharpen the ankle.
opens the refrigerator and pulls out a new bottle of miracle whip.
slides on the ground as he rides away several times.
completes the skateboard, then more goes up and hits the far bar pretty quickly.
stops on the door.
continues cutting some nail clippers while looking around and ends by showing a bag of nail scissors.
is to an open cutting floor.
is dancing on the floor, carving it on the cat.
shoves her head away.
reaches into his pocket and pulls out a handful of red tic.
opens his door to someone.
splash - the hockey team practice technique.
continues moving around the yard.
pull out another object after a day and continue moving around the yard.
continues vacuuming while the person continue to scrape tools and rakes it along the tree.
continues using the machine and pans around the room to put his shoes on.
is behind the wheel of the getaway car.
presses a button on the nearby desk, sucking up his teeth.
bounce up a balls than being caught on the empty one.
is visible in the sky.
shakes desperately with the car.
watches a young girl being flattened, then runs into an offices about some high - askew, children.
watches the coin play on someone's lips.
look on as someone glides past ancient steel - paneled hall.
move through a river.
stare up from the train at which point birds retreating towards the pavements, which has risen falling off people.
are pulled with it, spinning faster and faster, into a bright light.
leads them to a shabby two - man tent.
stretches up, casting long lines across the spacious structure, burning parts splashed across the rock walls.
continue to pass each other a bit in the row.
holds his watch as the two commander appear for the funeral and allows group to begin walking nearby.
takes her heeled shoes from the floor.
starts drinking a long pipe and shaker.
continues smoking by them get dressed.
turns his head away and kisses her hungrily in the lips.
holds one skateboard during a course of traffic.
continue to play and whisper at one another while still speaking, with their hands setup.
go on a dirt road.
continue to push the carpet all around.
holds her hands apart with a barred seal.
runs out onto a small dock.
watches, watching closely.
goes and the board lights up.
unlocks the door on someone's horse.
stops in the tracks.
is then settling in the hallway on how to exercise and then start dancing and getting a haircut while moving another hula hoop.
puts her hand onto her legs as she continues.
pauses to hold the hoop some more and then moves the object around her waist several times.
talks for a bit more and then spins it on her hips for a while again.
rush down the corridor.
continues, making faces as he goes.
beats the cymbals and drums very fast.
are an ice rink of a hockey hockey game.
sits at a table and plays blackjack.
zooms out on the side of the head.
see the road in the distance and see cars driving.
begins kicking the ball around while the camera pans in to the side.
are shown of one girl attempting to paint the nails of the other and ends by waving to the camera.
stops the left with small other thing parts in his left hand.
gets out of a chair and starts playing a saxophone.
smiles and walks away.
continues to massage her crotch.
begins climbing across the set of monkey bars.
jumps and walks back onto the horse while laughing.
see ending title credits.
see screens laying on a white screen.
poke the cake at the screen.
wave at the camera before showing a recipe for graham cracker cake.
ads mango slices and returns to layering the mixture and crackers.
holds up a white cloth and leads it to the children.
puts the press pan down on the bread with the potatoes.
show the cake in layers of graham crackers, and are each served a piece.
puts graham crackers in a bowl and layers with the milk mixture.
smiles and falls heavily.
flings him down, runs into the corridor.
are on a front bed.
are across the path and xs on their skateboards at a city in most cultural locations.
, people are at a bar on a beach having fun.
drive along the road with passengers.
are turned around and grabbing the sign for a hug.
turn a rope to different dismounting and stand in time to cheer them on.
walk along a dirt road on the side of buses.
play on the beach and fly their kites in the air.
are on the screen commenting on the events of the day.
blinks then leans back and puffs his teeth.
withdraws his hand holding the fork of a national puffed invitation.
moves past the wooden door, door open.
turns to see someone pinning down in a chair.
pulls the drapes shut.
's sick slowly rises up partway.
walks with underneath haze hidden lens tunnel and a long plank - wider view of the massive window separating its roof.
leans forward and kisses his forehead.
holds the cube the young man stands up.
jumps from the wall.
sets the timer to pass a wall of metal.
sets the timer on a table.
puts it down and shows the screen.
pulls the door barred shut after cupboard.
shakes his head sadly.
flies gently into the ocean.
's swollen, as he chews her paste.
holds out his popped - up.
uses a heavy drill to bore through the door of a locked safe.
sit prone as the plane rattles its side door.
pulls out the drill from the safe door.
strides and the man somersaults onto the side of the stage.
nods to himself as she hands the bills.
talks to the audience, he stands at a mantle, playing a saxophone.
sees someone approaching from the tree.
throws the ball to a player closer to the goal.
throws the ball across to a man on the left.
throws the ball on the mat with other people watching in the background.
continue to play the game.
are playing racquet ball while audience are outside the room watching.
hits a ball with a mallet.
unhooks a crystal hook off of a door in it.
add a cold and white pot to saute pasta.
starts to cook the cake with a baking pan.
cracks the sausage and juices it, also
see people making castles.
grabs an noodle to show how it should look when cooked.
continues to step as she continues around with many different shots throws sand up when she reaches the end.
holds a cue up to the perimeter of the circle around a disc.
sits again and gives another disc.
started playing with other accordion sticks while moving his arms and feet.
returns to the mirror.
are shown on the screen as the man explains some of the stats.
go on stable playing.
are shown with more boats riding around and moving along the water.
are shown as well as many people still at the end.
is shown in the center hitting the ball with another person.
moves out from the water and puffs into a flame.
begins vacuuming the floor.
begins laying down on the ground in dirt between people.
opens it and continues skating down an embankment.
stares at someone, who lowers the bottle.
tucks the envelope in his jacket and pays the man, who leaves.
drives from a filters.
smacks men with an iron and rushes to them.
reaches the bottom of the stairs, pulling him up.
pulls out a few of pop tarts.
gets up, stretches out his hand, and makes a sip with it.
watches with a dazed look.
gives him a shy smile.
leads the way through thick glass in front of someone.
chews and gives no response.
makes him drive through the road.
dart away with
leans to someone, then someone, who turns to look at someone.
moves away from her but stops to glance back.
watches the tv spinning around and looks at someone.
drags him out and hands him some cash.
runs up at someone, and runs around to the pile of large family chairs.
switches to the lights.
stares.
attempts to move away.
stand along the platform with people at the forefront.
reverses to the station.
gets out behind the wheel and takes it in his hand.
reaches for a strike out in the air.
start to spill onto the platform.
hands over the manuscript pages.
moves alongside one of the tables, where a rapist of a badge stands on a table, hands from a squat.
is now turned in prayer, playing his book in the ground.
kicks it off of his stomach and throws them across the crowd.
are just diving fall from a bridge attached.
are starting to turn brown.
speeds to one side of the sidewalk and floats down the street.
launches the bar in gear.
applies paint with a roller.
put the stencil on the table and apply paint on the stencil with a brush.
done and start taking pictures.
is playing in a bucket on a wooden bench.
keeps eating the dough linked, sharing her little problem.
rinses her hands and splashes water in her face.
swishes her hair then pulls back her hair.
continues showing how to properly brush the dogs teeth.
shakes her head and the photographer shows the bottle.
demonstrates brushing her teeth.
begins speaking to brown braids.
are shown on the grass that is filled.
is drinking in a cup and is preparing to cook a cooking dish in the kitchen.
reaches behind someone and taps his temple.
leaps off the trampoline and speed on a mat.
sticks a metal ball into the hole and dips it on a wall.
skates down the street and performs some skateboard tricks.
follows with while others advance on rapids.
performs several spins and tricks on the board and ends with one walking up to another.
doing a bunch of ramps.
pans around several different title interspersed with video clips of people playing a video game with others.
signs an long jump rope in the end.
continue about being to bungee jumps.
crack smiles at each other as someone bangs on the door.
slams the door closed.
begins brushing the little dog's fur as he around the other end.
continues brushing all around the horse including it's feet and tail.
begins riding in a horse and catching a calf at the foot.
begins to brush the horse with a brush.
turns sand the doll around while trying to keep up and looking at the camera.
spread butter and chocolate on bread slices grate cheese on it.
see the cookies on the glass.
toast the bread and slice in parts.
moves continuously around while he continues to hit the tile and the camera stops it as he continues to brush class.
are staring up at the sky directly above her.
spins around a few times, trying to catch with his board but barely catches him off of a stranger.
continues drifting alone at the helm as the captain rocks through.
moves to a board and swims out of the water as the missiles plummet and then follow.
continues playing and plays the flute.
lifts a weight over his head.
is explaining how to play the violin.
pulls the saloon off.
stands on his lamp lit porch, watching him with a cocktail.
makes a turn to sack him if someone has should pick him.
stares at the egg.
shows someone holding the top board.
gives a slow, creepy wave.
finds him staring aback.
trudges into the driver's seat and slams his head against the wheel.
follows around on a corner afterwards standing in a clearing and gestures behind the judge.
holds up the child in front of him and waves them on the sandy ground.
dries it on a powder towel.
continues to blow the woman with her arm while the other combs by in the yard.
pulls the sponge out of the tube and begins to clean it with a rag.
continues raking while speaking to the camera back and fourth.
continues playing while continuing to speak while others watch on the side.
stops dancing and keep doing the choreography.
is in a backstroke, showing her performance and flexing her neck.
clink strawberries and off it.
shovels the snow from the sidewalk.
are sitting on a boat as a person walks by in front of him.
stands in the sand watching them.
turns at the police center on the screen.
begins to hit the drum with blue piercing on drums and studies it with her indoors.
takes more pumpkin more at her eye and a large freshly trimmed one lies buried at the table.
uses a polish to add an claw to the nails.
skateboard on the road and gets a skateboard.
continue playing along the track with one another and runs out of a line into the water.
continues to capture the people riding around the track in slow motion with one person falling and several watching on the sides.
is in the drawing room playing the shot.
carves a lemon over some leaves.
carves funny blue lines in the pumpkin.
opens the spoon and demonstrates how to use a glass.
are shown and chopped in a boat.
rearranges the items on the counter top.
are shown on the counter top.
puts the wheel forward.
plays a medical instrument.
extends a hand and manipulates the ingredients.
are stirred and made with a spoon squeezed together in a jar.
moves across the surface.
is being placed on the steering wheel.
sits in the bow position.
pushes the knife away.
he (A) passes over even more cups.
bravely fly amid the raining ash and molten rocks.
shakes their hands off.
raises his hands in triumph.
cheer him in the red match for a date.
are scenes of people playing his harmonica in a studio.
enter the workroom and watch the score.
continues playing and scoring.
is on the screen with red hair and shirt and shown walking across a green field.
is watching her with the sticks.
is siting watching the game.
pull them in ways and turn to the pumpkins.
decorate a christmas tree.
ends heads decorating the christmas tree.
play on curling table.
watch the boat go from one market to the next.
put the lights and garland on the tree as the boy and an african american girl watch and help.
see people ending their walk on the beach.
get to their feet.
ties an orange strip on the boys head.
strides past the gray, haired mans look.
continuously hula hoops while moving her legs all around and doing various jumps and tricks.
clap loudly while one girl sits and speaks to many people who watch followed them.
talks about different lengths of grass for a while and then bends down to his mower.
continues to rake the lawn in an yard while the baby watches.
helps the child on the lawn without his mower.
watch on the side as the man aims.
comes into frame and plays with the man.
drives the lawnmower towards the camera.
laughs and ties the mower.
continues skating around his yard with another leaf.
turns on the stair and holds near something.
is drying the dry teen lady on the beach.
holds the baby up, peering into her eyes.
shows the object to the camera and begins peeling it out into a bowl.
sets down the small spoon and begins mixing the sandwich up and presenting it to the camera.
continuously rides on the machine while the camera captures him from several angles.
are shown of the equipment and moving to different locations in various locations.
are demonstrating how to dance while drinking or playing.
reaches out and takes a piece of hot steel.
grinds down a staircase railing.
jumps down a staircase.
walks slowly towards the car and uses passes.
see the ball being held by onlookers.
and players play hockey.
see a game of hockey being played.
puts her coat on, then eyes a security table.
reaches for the second greeting.
dials a number and gets up and runs back up the stairs.
is using the axe to watch dog in the pile on goal.
continue his ride forward over people riding down the street again.
holds the boy up and yells at the camera.
performs a ballet jump in the room.
have climbed the wooden sheets.
follows the children walking into a different room.
rush to the table and address them with instructions to get it into new base.
is shown with a website on them.
wrestle by the window with railings and kids help it.
begins to move into the man's perspective.
continues to follow the area while many pictures you to help are shown.
dances with the flashlight.
are demonstrating how to do ballet moves.
stops and gives some more darts.
kick up their legs forward on the platform.
moves a routine on the level.
continue talking on the hands again.
pulls his pole into the water, disappearing with it.
rolls into the hole and just waits to let losing.
begins to grabs his ears and shakes its head.
bends down and keeps eating something before looking out.
cheer and leads people into the cafe.
smiles as they pass by.
turn the car over and the finished bell has placed at the bottom of the screen.
pans back to the people playing the game.
continues playing in the hole while the camera captures her.
carries herself along the set of monkey bars and moves back and fourth on the play set.
gets in her car and comes to a halt.
watches them go, and writes behind a desk.
turns off the lamp and flips it open.
is an excited child.
have smiles on their faces as they continue to go around the track.
get into the car and a man in a blue shirt claps them with it being a big deal.
pauses to brush her hair while still laughing to the camera.
then rises to the end of her bow and curls her hair.
moves inside the wire including an orange frame.
is playing in a gray man.
drives his white car across the grass with a dirt edge.
reverses away from the save he seems to be struggling to stay upright.
turns and spots her applying someone details.
gets up and goes over to a wooden chest.
hurries over to someone and hugs her.
pulls a cloth cover off it and undoes the catches.
turns around and switches on another light.
starts contemplative again and nor continues to sing.
hands someone the phone.
leans into someone's bedroom.
are bewildered as they go.
hands, begins flipping on clothes and bending down while holding herself up at the same time as well.
plays hopscotch in the sand on the beach.
continues playing around in the room and ends by shooting and waving to the camera.
begins to squeeze the pedals faster and faster.
slowly descends further into the vault.
shakes someone's hand.
looks to the crowd and watches him yell to the dismay.
flips the ball back and forth.
walks around on a living room couch.
watches one of the men.
shoots a ball straight into the net.
sit around a rope watching the other team.
skates over and breaks up the fight.
waves to the audience while smiling.
takes a turn at the jump.
spins the broom in circles around him.
does the hammer throw.
is cleaned by a sponge and a cloth.
holds a spray bottle and then cleans the counter on the floor.
is watched by someone, a third bucket and water rubbing a bandage on the back of his hand.
bows and shows off a low angle towards the calf.
are shown of people riding the camels and doing various tricks, laughing and fighting.
stares at the red man, warmly.
turns around and sees someone.
raises an eyebrow at someone.
reaches for her son and pulls him close.
reveals a smaller wad of gauze taped up inside.
holds up the contents of the package - - a little toe, with emerald green nail polish.
is played on his coat.
remain unmistakably composed as he stares at the floor.
leans forward, trapping someone.
are locked on the spool of audio tape as it spins in the player.
smile a few times.
leans his head back against the chair.
produces a handful of junk on it.
keeps looking at someone.
is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike.
are in the starting field making flippers and hitting the ball around one goal.
are shown laughing with one another and ends by shaking hands with others.
turn around and start quickly towards each other and holding people around.
move away and leads into more shots of people playing pool.
talks in front of her.
continues playing along and pauses to look back at the camera and laugh.
finishes playing and lowers her flute.
are holding the flute spinning.
narrates a reception scene at the front end of the barn.
is riding a wheels, walks down the street and joins the others.
tries to paint the more and color into a brush.
begins to clean up the shoes and scrubbing down smooth black ice.
continues wiping down a door and speaking to the camera.
comforts them at a slow pace.
are rooted to the floor.
turn on as he leans in them, smoking at the pulley of a microphone.
illuminates an old steel clock.
wheels over his car board, toward a strainer with a sponge and a tube of oil.
perform he poses for a while.
leans against a wall, chisel against the wall sheet.
stops, blinking and his eyes open.
are walking in the street.
leans wearily back against the tank.
appears on the quad.
turns around and aims.
stares at his mother's fluttering wings.
slaps on the other side.
kick up there feet while dancing.
spins his partner during the dance.
leans over and kisses her woman.
takes two haggard drying soap from his hands.
keeps drawing to his face as he totes some food out of the pot.
's still and empty.
squeezes her arm and waves.
is moving across the ice cream and into her mouth.
drives aside of someone.
puts the tire on the tire and begins using more rowing.
continues putting the handlebars on the bike and rides off while still speaking.
begins facing the camera and brushing her teeth, leaning in to the camera at one point before leaning back to continue brushing teeth.
begins brushing the girl's teeth.
spins around and throws the disk while two people measure out her throw.
turns over and walks up to them.
walks to the top of a game and talks about the game.
is laying on a woman's hair with alcohol and weights.
stares down at him pergola.
stares at the television then tosses the stick aside.
is on wind twin.
goes grab a chair to open it.
pulls the door shut behind him.
stare at him blankly.
turns to him, then storms through the urban rooms of new york.
recovers and runs on.
grabs him from the back of the boat and hurls him onto a rooftop.
scrambles to his feet.
leaps down in front of him.
runs across a squeezing board where people are waiting for him.
wade downward and an elevator pulls him.
goes to the window, across the road with extreme relief and pain into someone's face.
leans to him and sticks his braces on the other side frame.
run through the solid corridor.
rushes to the front door.
watches two men chatting.
have shoulder - length hair.
watches storm bullets on colored asphalt in the opposite area.
turns and aims her wand at someone.
pours a shopping bag which is filled with sand.
adds one ingredient at a time to a glass.
holds a cotton ball with an compact of baking water and hits the other glass.
surround him dancing and smiling at a beach party.
takes a drink from an pot of ice and begins to drink it.
adds the spray on the board to show how it can be.
welds both sides of the bike paper with a wooden stick.
puts a new tire on and releases the jump and turns it to finish the rest.
uses a lever up to force his left lapel of iron tire to pieces.
can not go after gas he is using the proper way to apply this evenly.
go for one last look, then uncurls a second sack.
laughs and walking away.
adds juice into the container and pours sugar into it and breaks the glass mixture onto the table.
are seen standing on a table mixing more ingredients.
pours the pasta into the shaker.
pours it into the sink as it sets onto the plate.
pours the spoon into a shaker, grabs the shaker and add
cuts a lemon in half.
stirs the powder in a shaker.
drives one finger up liquors into the cup and spits it out.
shifts, then lifts her brow and blink.
holds the sponge to turn the molder of ingredients together.
pours more deeply into a glass.
turns to the mirror again.
leans over someone, who lies back on the bed.
goes to the far door.
spins around, then stops.
takes out his earpiece.
, a little someone pulling toward him and she rubs her chest.
lets her wet hair over the top of her head, mouths and does a double take.
continues to stare straight into space to see herself, golden, new etcetera and among which people flash for her.
continues to try to hit the ball on the wall.
are being watched by a group of kids standing behind them.
play playing balls and hitting a ball on another.
shake hands and end on a mat wearing boxing shoes.
continue walking around the room and hitting the ball.
slowly dances himself together and continues to talk to the camera.
roars up a chamber.
are seated on a dining table and campfire.
climbs into the low boat.
moves a cigarette in front of someone.
takes a single drag and plods to a manner of oak trees near new york.
are streaming away as a ringed owl signs into a delivered.
watches as raindrops fall from the rocks in the armored car and pant legs rise out from the ground.
surround the other man hair and sits up at a desk.
approaches the wooden timer in the corner.
starts to vacuum the vacuum with a brush.
goes on, are shown riding on some of the rafts.
returns to the next person knitting.
stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions.
doors leap the ends of the roof, which leads to the ss lieutenant.
pull on the step.
sit on the floor behind him.
continues pushing the painting and ends by smiling to the camera.
continues smooth paint and paints up.
goes in the dresser.
dives and knocks the man over and along the roof.
watches the woman strip close to a young piece of debris.
turns, and proceeds to make the show two times for a better view of the maintenance.
moves back and then switches to another light close.
is standing in a ring.
pulls a shirt out of a garage.
begins giving some noodles and then continues talking about how to make a cocoa dish.
fries nuts on a pan and pours them on a plate while mixing more ingredients into a pan and pouring it over the nuts.
picks the ball up with his hands and continues drinking up and kicking it around.
holds it up to greet her as she watches.
watches from a front desk off to one side.
stop and listen to a policeman squatting.
watches him walk into a pose.
smiles at someone, who turns on her side, facing up.
leaps from her table and picks up a alcohol bottle.
leans forward and hands a can of flowers to her own.
crouches and puts on his pants.
rolls over his legs.
rushes around to the outer control panel.
is floating on an weakly glass chair.
slowly pull the creature out.
gets in and watches him fall.
is leaning against the door her way.
lifts three treads overhead.
bows for the girls.
dips to take off her helmet.
holds an hand gestures to the man.
stands on her toes and grips the wheel.
returns for the door, looks at her and ss.
picks up a card of money displaying fallen newspaper and shoves the clerk into the drawer.
stops and briefly muted her stare.
stretches close and display her crotch.
lifts it up with a cloth.
dozes on a choke brace.
breaks from a choke hold.
appears on the screen before her.
is now cutting a pair of metal cupcakes.
limps over to the med pod and positions herself on the upright table under a curved scanner.
leans back against it.
gently strokes behind her.
finds himself staring ahead with a furrowed brow as she leaves his side.
smashes the windshield with a fire extinguisher.
are tracking with the scissor.
stares lack - jawed.
opens with the rows of ankle bones bare on it.
arches her head way back.
then ties a ball away and throws an object off into the distance.
bounces over the water wave.
crashes rising water under the trees as he plays.
shake and members of the crowd cheer the cheers.
scores a high wave as the titanic trails close behind him.
shuffles down a corridor and gazes into the clean room windows.
looks at her and softly nods.
ride over their trainers.
glows in the windows of the hangar and casts a sheen across the tarmac.
watches from behind the wheel.
opens a gift for someone.
begin to run around an sandy area.
watches as the men go around the calf as the dog gets back and more shots of the horse pulling man.
move to reveal a secret compartment.
gives the bloody hand to the boy and takes him footprints into the bathtub as been leaning on a sleeping boy.
shoves the strips of clothes into the stove.
rumbles on its way.
seizes him and helps him from the counter.
shakes hands with someone, ushers him in and then pulls down the shutter.
leaps down some stairs to a balcony.
hold the door open and look at them with amused amazement.
takes off his helmet and taps a board on a shelf.
watches the clothes burn while he spoons hot soup into his mouth.
are being stuffed into it and burned.
keeps off his fur.
crumples it over onto his stomach.
puts one hand up on his waist and looks into the lake.
lies in the back behind him and starts to sob.
reaches for his mouth to break which he can open.
spins to attack of the city.
carries home to a kitchen where someone sits on the porch.
manages to get the door.
hands over a scrap of paper, shakes someone's hand and goes quickly.
leads the way in.
are dries and shaved.
is now in his blue shorts and dragging his weight over her.
turns and looks at the top of the crowds.
sets it carefully, at the end of a corridor, a small screen with framed letters shown.
sets his head back.
turns the corner, then spots someone.
is an fireman on the background.
listen to him staggering.
escorts someone to the door, then quickly returns to the rickshaw, which moves off fast.
glances at him and smiles.
gets up and grabs a piece of hair by his hand, another burr of fire.
fly in the sky.
reaches a aisle almost transparent for the exhausted sand.
throws the dart back and forth on the grass.
trips, then kicks the ball into the air, hitting it.
continues wiping while the camera pans around.
is seven years old.
taps his 3d glasses.
is in a closet and is putting down a box he takes at the lease place he is doing.
packs his tie pouch, straightens up and sees the cardboard cut - out.
takes pristine white t - shirts off a shelf and lays them in his suitcase with the rest of his clothes.
leans over to a waitress with a poker wheel on the table as someone looks toward the thick double doors.
walks trough the airport, dragging the case.
leans on the boat and waves as he pulls up in front of him.
is a man in the ocean.
continues moving himself around a bit while still moving his legs and arms.
bends forward while moving his hand and gesturing to the camera while pushing himself around, and finishes the object.
does a dance on an field field in front of a camera.
drives his hand along the beach along with a iron.
are walking across the beach under a boat.
eyes a shabby sack containing blood.
play a song with one another while the woman continues to play in her hands.
see a girl do a gymnastic routine on the wooden platform.
spin and twirl together across the stage.
continue dancing all around one another and end by embracing her.
watches the man perform the routine.
does a routine on a bar outside.
continues playing a dance routine while spinning and performing a routine.
continues moving around and ends by walking off stage.
moves the baton on his neck, and does a spin then moves the baton on his neck.
finishes the flute poses and resumes dancing.
then is enveloped in a trance and forced himself on the tree.
moved the ladder to do the middle top of the hedge.
carries him off under his arm.
gives an taunting lunge.
rolls over on the road.
strides through a modern window overlooking the very beautiful landscape.
rides his board across a half pipe.
bears a logo, the x games.
claps as cheerleaders go up the stairs.
is crushed into a balloon.
hit the side of the bus, jolting it over onto two wheels.
continues along the road a short way like this before righting itself.
watch anxiously from a holding cell at the rear of the bus.
chalks a ballerina in his hands and then is shown again in the middle of the crowd before it is played.
then jumps extremely high stairs and lands three times on the ground.
listen to camera for a moment.
hits a few rocks along the way and begins to bobble up and down before returning back in front of the red van.
is on the table, before him.
leaps to the operating room.
leaps across a city,.
does a dance routine in all dancing in unison.
walks down the road along with them and while with the camera pans.
touches a platform on the dance platform.
does several demonstrations of the sumo wrestling toy set using toys that they have made as well as toys from the set.
gives a demonstration on how to use the toys.
sands a stone corkscrew.
is sitting on the floor knitting as well.
starts working.
see players play a game of sunscreen on the beach.
see two women doing drinks and show hanger girl's nails.
sitting in the tattoo chair.
to give directions while the young girl walk to join the presenter who is talking.
puts the tam - tam on.
dances away by explaining.
is seen sitting in front of a sink and putting a rag over her face.
leans out from behind the couch and shoots expertly.
collapse side by side.
dives behind a couch.
reaches to answer it.
runs across his yard and looks to someone beside him.
strides past someone.
smiles briefly as he re - jumps in a chair.
moves into the clearing and leaps across the pit towards him.
gradually still stands in two of the windows.
watches his father go.
is back on tv.
looks in the opposite direction.
stares up at someone, who is lying on clothed.
is standing next to the table holding a stop watch.
dials a number on the phone to the table.
is talking while wearing a blue belt and wearing a helmet and helmet.
nods, holding up two comp books.
move their arms around while passing to the camera.
are shown watching soberly and looking off into the distance.
spins on the ground.
see boys of around 10 in soccer gear.
see the end screen.
see the goalie spin again.
continue to kick balls while walking in and out frame.
moves slowly towards his friend - toward - harness.
holds by the wipes and is standing to adjust the handlebars with a razor.
shows how to tie the sides of the block.
see the man playing in his room at a table.
pulls the child to pass the pinata.
lays a christmas tree on the tree.
see the ending logo screen.
is standing inside the net.
is jumping on the floor and going back quickly.
spins several times as he does it.
keeps inching around and bumps on the wood.
are looking at their hands and the slowly.
are seen jumping around and throwing the ball around.
turns to his temple.
walks him to off the side.
turns and walks towards the camera.
continues swinging his arms and legs.
jumps off the swing and lands at the edge of the play area.
opens a screen door.
stops then aims at him.
stares at the ring then hands it over.
opens the glove box.
gets up and runs to the floor corner.
strolls out, leaving the manager grinning.
regards her with a furrowed brow.
puts cards on an envelope.
begins playing his instrument while moving his hands up against his face and showing more shots of him stopping.
begins playing the bag pipes in front of the camera.
continues playing the bagpipes and ends by turning off the camera.
continues playing the piano and continuously moving while gesturing to other people.
manage a few feet away.
jump on the beam and perform a routine with one another.
continue playing to take different shots of the midget around rackets and hit dogs behind.
is doing the dishes on the sidewalk with a bowl of food.
is watching the game walking on sides.
kicked the puck and then one score is shown.
are twirling and walking on the field where people are bouncing up and down.
begins mixing the ingredients in a pan while pushing on the camera.
holds up a lens device and puts it in a cup.
moves the coffee spoon from a small cup.
washes the sandwich into a cheap salad as well as puts it up and slices it on open.
continues with several people on the sideline on the beach laughing and watching.
plays to the large arcs of water and the front are brushed and fly.
watches, then glances at someone and leans back in his chair.
begins getting up and cleaning some cement.
is seen laid out on the grassy counter.
takes his rake and moves the dirt back and forth around the house evening it out.
play the game casually, taking turns.
reaches out and turns off an alarm clock.
throw the balls at each other.
speaks to them with swords.
pause when one passes the stage.
take turns diving compete in a competition.
notices someone watching her.
does a yellow routine on the balance beam.
spin around in unison.
spins and turns away.
does many flips off the balance beam.
continue in the brotherly letters.
end the star glows as he floats and leans against the fence.
avoids players deals aside, then sets it aside.
turns to avoid the archway.
and someone push the cover off the wall.
turns, as the uruk - hai swarm through the fields around them.
smiles long and steady.
eyes him long and steady.
dons his hat, his stare stoic and grim.
stares, then ventures forward.
steps out of the theater and continues walking his paint on a bridge of grass.
leans in for a good look at someone's body, then heads off.
begin walking on a motor boat.
begin carving into the sand and creating designs in the sand castle.
continue riding all around the sand with one another and continuing to show various images in the end.
continue shoveling inside the desert as well as walking fancy.
talks to the camera man while smiling at the camera and continuing to scrape.
spins a ball in a circle of water.
