starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
swings lands in her arms.
are then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.
runs into a car.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
are then shown in closeups shooting a shot put.
opens a can of oil put oil on the knife, and puts oil on a knife and press it through a can filled with oil then cuts several pieces from the sandwiches.
starts to party with them and throw the pieces by hand while they celebrate.
then takes the knife and sharpens it against the wood piece.
then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
then starts to get up from the chair and begins walking towards the camera.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
watching the boy and boy as they play a game of drums.
then throws the ball into the pool and begins running around with a sail in his hand while a group of men watch.
builds a chocolate bar and chews it as she talks.
get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them.
dance and flip on stage while hanging their hats on the sides.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
runs from one side of the building to the other.
member stands looking into a hut and then handing people photographs.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are shown and one finger is seen poking through.
she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
puts a shirt on and rubs his mouth.
gets them some water to gargle in their mouths.
comes back and talks to the boys.
crawls to the door.
went to the target board and talked to the camera.
starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he's closer to the house.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a tool on a table.
then see a replay then the person putting the face wash on.
continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.
is then shown and several more people begin talking about the product.
talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.
lands in the cup and one of the boys begins to drink the beer.
does a trick and the liquid is poured on a second table.
tells viewers about a dog grooming company, itv with a website.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
is standing using a white blower to blow snow.
is watching the men on the ground.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, the person polish the fingers, then the person puts a black polish.
continues to discuss the topic of volleyball.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
plays up front of a band with a harmonica.
sings with the band, twirling his violin as he walks.
are then shown of people riding on snowboards over mountains.
then are shown washing a car.
, the gymnast approaches the pommel horse to spin around many times.
, the gymnast puts fluid on the pommel horse and sit on it to rise the body while position it.
is in the water pushing a boat with a sail.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
plays a song on her harmonica while walking away from the train.
begins playing with the harmonica and stops.
plays in a house while the woman looks on.
puts water on a hose and begins cleaning the windows.
spins around to show the different angles of the board and shows pictures of the house in the end.
spins with his fishing pole in the air.
one and puts it on a fishing pole in the lake.
then begins washing the other child and ends by copulating with him.
pops out of the playground.
is upside down so everyone else can't see the object.
continues to play violin while people pass by her.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
starts mixing the ingredients together.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
sets the iron aside.
does curling.
gives the cats ears.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
puts their hands together, and twirl together like a ballet dancer.
becomes more involved in the ballet, she does a final dismount to bring her elbows down and her upper body straight.
is replayed, ending with the young lady clapping her hands joyfully.
wet his car and wipes it down.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
opens the doors on his car and gets in.
drops it on the ground and walks away.
holds behind him and the woman continues speaking.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown clearly under a large wide wave.
belly flops on some grass before a newscaster announces the story.
starts with two small straps and it puts her into a squatting position with feet fully placed over her knee and her hands suspended and ready.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
continues using the appliance to put the fancy knife on the box.
grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance.
stops sharpening the knife and draws on the stone again.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
then begins applying the liquid to his body.
looked behind him, then and continue walking to the pole.
raises the bar over his head followed by another.
finally lifts the weight over his head over his own head.
come in and started talking to the reporter.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
are seen outside again with one man speaking and dancing in the same spot.
engage in a game of water polo.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see a fin enter the camera.
hands another person the mouthpiece.
puts a pants and a shirt into the sink and dries off.
men fall to the ground.
returns to people riding the donkeys.
jab at each other with their swords.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
wave has a big wave almost bigger than he is paddling, and this makes it pretty fun because it causes the surfer riding the wave to put up a lot of resistance so he just does it and crash onto the waves making the wave even bigger then it was.
are seen drilling holes as well as swimming around in the water.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the young man stops playing and pass on front a row of drummers.
line up and stand behind a dummy dummy.
is holding cored soap in his hand as he washes with a bottle.
is standing next to a man scrubbing the floor.
walks around the mopping area.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
then jumps onto a tennis ball that is positioned in between a set of net and a larger setting of tables on which are arranged various rackets and vegetables as well as various sticks.
starts with his first serve where the ball hits the net.
returns with a third serve.
watches a small black horse as rolls his croquet stick.
is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
is shown again multiple times.
come into the camera.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man then paints the knife with the discs.
fall, others are shown as well.
then weld and a bartender gives an alcoholic beverage to the worker.
, two men fight sand with an accordion while a man help him pretend.
in red shirt starts to swing on the line and tries hard to get it to catch something and pulls on the wire several times and hangs from it like an seal.
is then kneeling on the ice and the men fly up and fly as far as possible.
is a game going on called soccer being played.
starts playing an acoustic guitar.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are standing on a hill of snow.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
comes to a stop on a hill of snow.
then demonstrates reading what, by how, you can do the layup over and under hand move with your hands.
shows how to put a hole in a wall using a drill.
started hitting the ball with his racket on his gloved hand.
is playing racket ball while talking to the camera.
plays behind a camera.
stops playing and drops the violin.
is strumming an electric guitar.
takes the harmonica out of their mouth and begins playing the piece.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
zooms back out to show the well laid tires.
appear and one stands next to the car and the other follows behind.
engages in some form of mount.
takes off on a bright course.
falls out of his back.
is washed first gently with soap.
, it is shown from behind.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown on the screen leads into a woman putting makeup on herself.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
stops at a jar of liquid in the sink.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with an blow by blow image.
stops playing the violin and starts to sit up.
is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
are being put into elongated pupil holes.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
somebody else time.
inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
on the skateboards takes one final turn and then climbs the stairs of a building.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
march the sled back and forth creating holes as they go.
flows out and the man catches it.
continue playing with one another in the water and join stand by to watch the game.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see a title and the man appears, shirtless.
see a yellow screen and title screen.
finishes playing and sits back.
is two of the boys skateboard together.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
holds up a bottle of fluid and puts it on an iv.
starts to wash the clothes with both hands.
starts to wash the clothes with both hands. afterwards he (A) adds more soap using two different bottles to the sink.
grabs fabric to dry the clothes and shows how they fit him comfortably.
runs and claps his hands together.
runs in circles where the dog is his mate.
see an opening title screen.
is running around catching the frisbee the lady throws.
see the ground in a white screen.
immediately shits in pain while having a hard time catching the frisbee.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
backs up slowly to cut the lawn.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing and talking has she hold white paper in her hands.
appear on the screen announcing it is time to start as the woman speaks again.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
makes a turn she goes up arm high and lands inside the field.
wins and knocks the other down.
take turns as they volleys the puck around in the air.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
head towards the ball.
is sharpened on the sharpener.
are began cutting smooth lines into the discs of the discs as they are placed into the bowl, the edges.
watches the baby's hands and speaks to the camera.
sled canoes together, then other people sled in the lake.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people running around the land as well as running onto a field with their hands up.
then rides a bike down the hill and gets her hair dried.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
then puts the can down, twists the cap off and pours the alcohol into a cup in front of him.
then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
then takes a pair of scissors and cut the wall paper and shreds it with a tool to shape it and then slips it onto the floor.
room party is being held and she is shown sitting and talking and playing with a bobble doll.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
is in the middle of the parade playing a bicycle.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is talking to the camera anther different sidewalk in street.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
watches him.
goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information.
picks up her violin and continues to talk before she starts to play it and stops.
puts her hands on her head while talking for the camera and a few more well placed shots play.
stops talking and ends with a smile and the words " howcast original " appear on the white screen.
begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
proceeds to clean up the stained glass.
finally gets a space.
then puts makeup on the makeup artists face.
stands upright and wipes her face with her hands while smiling.
climbs down the slide and begins performing tricks with his skateboard.
, he isn't shown racing only wearing a helmet as he records himself passing very high lights.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
put the seat on the bike.
starts and the people are creating a frame on it.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
continues to drum as several smaller screens appear as they show how to play.
places the wheelbarrow and supplies inside.
pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel stops and the woman gets down from the camel.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
watches and turns around.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
starts descending from the rock wall.
then shows the shoe again and puts it back on.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are standing and watching him.
continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
continues zooming right into the goalie playing with the other team members.
are blocking the ball as the referee is trying to prevent them from throwing it.
are a lot of people watching from the open loop stadium.
begins by playing the violin while the other performers dance in a choreographed fashion.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
lifts it out, then lowers it.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
jumps up and down on the beam.
then pauses for a second to kiss the ground next to him.
are shown of the athletes performing tricks in various stretches as well as throwing a ball off into the distance.
is talking and grabbing a form.
throw it and another woman joins.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
is pulling off his jockey shorts.
is over, the judge hands awards to the winners.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
see people running in a gym.
then see the end title screens.
holds a ball on a chain.
starts dancing for the camera.
fades to regular color.
starts running toward the ball, and it knocks him down on the ground.
kick the balls at the basket.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
wearing black santa claus suit give the ball to one of the young teens who take it, while his mother pushes the round ball to the other direction.
, a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
continues to explain what he will be doing as eventually the video stops and ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
stops going back to him playing.
is throwing darts at a target.
holds on tight as he is pulled through the water.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
continuously spits water all along the dog while the dog sits still.
changes to him jumping again in the same spot.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
jumps, she walks off the platform and grabs a selfie stick from a side table.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
plays on the street while the audience watches.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
ends and the people run straight into each other.
then hand down the final results of class.
runs performing a long jump in a arena.
walks over to the spectator for a closer view.
then picks the weight up over his head.
watches two people watching on the sides.
then performs several more lifts on the bar.
lifts it up to his chest and looks to see how high it goes.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
then opens a hand mirror and tubs a wet cloth, which she pours into her mouth and animates.
then fills the sponge and the boy rub them along his skin while the girl brushes it down.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
the end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
remains on the bottom right area of the screen the whole time.
places the hands back into the dessert.
hands the child something from a purse.
then smokes some smoke while looking off wildly into the distance.
weighs and puts it back down.
stands by his table watching him.
walks into the bathroom with her hair down.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are all strapped together the man begins running.
, the man talks and playing guitar and talking while singing.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
and other parts of her face stop.
are shown on a bar pouring down and then pouring in a rubik's cube.
watch the contestants perform.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
takes a hose and wets the dog first.
is wet dog on a table next to her.
then gets in a fight with the dog being pushed out of the way.
is done with the dog she puts him down and questions him again.
bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
then sits down on the table and it's done.
becomes enraged by the bath and runs towards the door.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
is done, he checks the blade before lying the knife back down.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
are seen speaking back and fourth and continue to move around a racetrack.
also reappears underwater in a large room.
, the old man room next to the sailboat by himself.
hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
hit the ball on the other side and the team shots.
performs a high jump successfully.
then see her from the backs as she is getting ready with her hair down.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
tattoo on it is standing behind it.
then wipes the cat's neck and the back of its head with the red cloth.
is holyriding behind the man.
then continues to stare at the camera.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
walks up to the net.
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
starts playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
start fighting on the table at the same time.
rolls off and turns around on itself in slow motion.
is a microphone that is continually playing on the right side of the table while two of the contestants are able to hold their fingers close to each other.
finally begin, the girl on the left wins but she is quickly stopped and they have to restart and the same girl wins again.
is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
wipes her face down with substances and lotions.
hold up around a pile of discs mixed with sticks.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
holds onto a rope as they ski down the mountain.
disappears into the hole in the ice and the man comes out to apply for his fishing gear.
are four men visible and they all begin to fish out of the ice pond.
one comes out and gets a fish and places it on the ice before getting a fish to crawl out afterwards.
is playing peek a boo with someone and both of their faces have ice cream on them.
spit something out of their mouths and continue to play.
are in a tunnel together, with various floral designs shown in larger picture.
is in a shop presenting shoe advice.
are people playing a sport on ice with frisbees.
are getting ready to start a race.
begins and people run very fast.
comes across the finish line.
spins a ball under the yellow cones.
continue riding around on skateboards as well as following behind one another as well as people speaking to the camera.
begins by introducing a girl named jennifer, who is walking with her dad behind her.
explains another video that he and his friend play for fun while in a roller rink.
alternate health issues and hairstyle on the show, providing some very detailed advice on what's to come.
are watching as he continues to play.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
hit the harmonica against the racket causing the player on the right to lose its tune.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
then throwing in the machine mix.
drop the knife on the ground and bobby sharpens it off by sharpening it using sides.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
go, they are shown playing some stringed instruments.
from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
, there is a blue screen with the caption lsuongs) walking the outside of a building and men holding bumper cars.
begins riding along the water on the board.
stands up and goes back to raking.
kneels down and puts what he is raking on the ground.
swirls the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she takes her blades and cuts up some of the grass that she sliced.
stop spinning and poles except for the right and right girl.
plays kickboxing with another who is too slow.
stops performing many tricks back and fourth.
falls into the water and recovers.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
run along side of the bull and cower on the sides.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
is poured into the cup from the small bowls.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
jumped over the pole and landed on the red mat.
is swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
rides the wave all the way to shore.
enters the pan and starts cooking.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are shown walking through a tunnel while the guide is standing beside them talking.
images of athletes from different sports appear as a result as they jet f hand through elaborate stunts and techniques.
on individuals backwards while maintaining his cement soles.
are on opposing sides of the court holding rackets.
are skating during he night time.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
they have washed the potatoes the two legs turns to lather the rag and the bread cut out of the tub, followed by the pieces of proper version of what had been put in.
is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
start running across the field again, trying to score.
is running on the field in a hopscotch game.
begin punching and kicking each other.
punches and kicks the same man.
continue playing and here's other team scores a goal.
is refereeing for their fight.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins taking off a bike's handlebars and moving them around.
right is holding a camera while walking in the air.
sets down the knife and continues talking while demonstrating sharpening the knife.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
puts it back and puts it down.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is seen on the side.
is using a blue pump to pump blood into his feet.
, the man performs his routine on the parallel bars.
does saps on a back accordion.
then installs a new roof.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of the group playing together.
then zooms in and can see the holes he just sprayed them with.
dies down some more people are shown using their phones to call 911 and then call the police to make sure they are ok.
jacks up the boot and then puts it back on the table.
then sail the boat across a river.
then jump down the side of a bridge.
, he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is bent on his knees and suddenly he jumps up to his feet, but keeps his knees bent while he squats low to the ground continuing to talk.
then takes the racket, pulls the handle again and returns to the previous position in front of him only this time he takes another hit.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is playing a game of croquette.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
take turns putting their dog down.
puts the contact on her finger, then is seen putting her hands down.
is talking about her hairstyle.
are running full speed down the track.
spin in the air and do stunts as they ride.
see a tv showing shots of water and country scenes.
wets the table with white water and wets the cloth again.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
shows another pumpkin and puts wax on it then cleans it and puts more wax on it.
begins mowing the large green grass with the other camera man following close behind.
are shown and the man on the lawnmower gives one more wave with his left hand.
line up, then run, racing each other to the finish line.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
starts hit by the ball.
then dance around one another all performing martial arts with one another.
continues to cheer in bursts while replayed in slow motion.
kick a ball back and fourth while others watch.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
are unable to get up because of the large weight on their backs.
is rubbing the snow off of the sidewalk.
is washing his hands in the sink.
are engaged in a game of curl, holding the balls and punching them.
is running and with other people walking alongside it.
is running fast and the people behind keep up with his pace.
on the violin while the woman plays the violin.
begins playing the violin.
of players jumping from a boat into the sand are shown.
continues mowing his areas before dropping the lawn mower.
builds, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
lower a hose into a cup.
are walking in the street watching the guy playing violin.
stands still, preparing for the cymbals.
, he picks up a small white block and starts to sharpen and sand the knife making sure to be very gentle with it.
is about to mount a horse.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
is using a large tool called a thresher.
in the crowd are watching back on now.
pulls the fish out of the hole and puts it on top of the ice.
takes a fish out of the hole.
look around and watch the man skate.
continues skating around on the skate boards.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
poses with the beverage.
is standing on an elliptical talking.
is talking he is also being held by being shirtless, and is showing off the number 678 alongside the elliptical opposite him that continues to display the number 779.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
is belly tied to a hook.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
stops playing and begins drumming on the car while looking back at the camera.
puts his arm behind his back.
continues playing and looking off into the distance.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
stands outside with a bag of wood from the garage and a lighter in a bag at his feet swinging around a woodpile.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
starts by filling in the receptacle with some tap water and closing the cap back on tight.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
begins to lift the barbell through the air and puts it on his head.
drops the barbell onto the ground.
uses a hand squeegee to train the toy truck and holds it extended for inspection until the toys are empty.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears and then starts moving, the drawings again.
talk about the repeat course for having a christmas party.
stands back up and continues pushing them around.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
then begins demonstrating how to use the basketball to hit a ball while still speaking to the camera.
throws the ball back and fourth and ends by demonstrating how to tie his shoes.
are shown on what appears to be a ski lift.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
waves its front paw at the camera.
is feeding a dog something.
stares blankly at it.
put the tubing into the water, led by a boy.
then try to kick and move through it.
start wiping all over their feet.
stand up and grab another and put it on the back.
then holds a person up and shows off his tool.
finally gets the fish up onto the ice and he sees that it is a really big catch.
hurls his javelin down the field then watches.
engage in a long race to the finish line.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
are then seen at various rafts rafting.
collaborate to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
are shown mixing the bowl in turn.
continue mixing and 4 glasses come together with a bowl of cookie dough.
place the baking sheet in an oven.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
begin to scrape the top off the potatoes.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
appear as the continues to play with one another and ends with the man embracing others.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
puts a tack on a black, and then the dogs run by.
are then instructed and shown how to slide the knife on the stone.
are shown the polish and prep display.
are standing by recording and watching him as he kayaks through.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man put the leaves in a bags.
, the man rake the leaves by hand.
watches the flyer on a screen.
rolls the dough around and makes a sandwich.
, she slides it onto a metal tray and glues it down onto a plate.
places the raw cookie on a cookie sheet and bakes them.
are done, she removes them into the oven.
is standing inside a garage with another man dressed like a drunk.
then goes back to the bar, struggles to pick it up, holds it above his head and then throws it to the ground where it bounces very hard.
, the woman jumps the chair.
stands watching the woman.
sits and drinks from a cup.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
stops them to talk to them.
helped him get away after he was gored in the neck.
storm opposite a bull.
watches the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
is stacked up against a wall.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
places the mug into a container.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
is now outside shown standing in various locations and his mower slowing down as he goes in and out of frame.
plays a large keyboard, strumming on the keys and pausing intermittently.
goes out of bounds.
serves the ball again.
goes into the opposing goal.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
waves his arms for animation.
part as he passes an old buck.
starts fishing by fishing with his mouth, while the camera helps.
are trying very hard not to get caught.
is in the was standing behind the men when a man pushes before another starts boxing.
are shown being played.
are doing tricks on a skateboard.
does a facing flip and lands in the sand.
runs after a fly as it tries to evade her.
puts makeup on her face.
, a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
are lined up and the right side of the screen is flashing a green light and a red light comes on.
begins playing a saxophone.
then kick him and hit him over the head.
continue playing against one another and end by cheering.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
are standing next to them watching.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
puts pennies on a block before rubbing his knife on the block.
shows a routine put to reggae music.
start they go into an intricate dance routine that fits with the song.
stops the women stand up and begin to walk away while the man is still playing.
takes a drink of the cup.
stand on front the crowd.
place their camels in a pile on the ground.
are watching him in suits.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is pushing tiles with a tool.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is shown on stage, and a man is quickly playing a violin.
join in on song, hitting into one another with harmonicas and zings.
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is siphoned from a container and solids.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
sets the stool on the side of the chair to show the underside of the chair.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
will flow into a small bowl inside the circle.
touch a doll's breast.
then pours the shoe polishing supplies and lubricates his shoe with the product.
holds the knife in his hand and a blue piercing outline of the knife is in the center wile the guy is sharpening it.
starts an ironing machine.
begins and the girls do their routine of dancing, jumping, making different line formations and baton twirling as the crowd cheers them on.
continues individually performing and ends without showing how the intro intro came to be.
then kneels on the ground and talks to the camera.
then stands up and walks out the door while the boys continue to play ping pong while the referee speaks to the team.
then does some discus kickboxing.
then grab rocks and fish around in the ocean while people watch on the sides.
then begins hitting the ball around a yard. the boy
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
are running with the frisbee.
then starts putting a contact into her eye.
lets the rollers heat up and she puts them onto her hair.
irons her hair and puts some rollers on it.
then gets on the track and begins making a record.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
performs a long jump at a judged professional sports event resulting in medals issued.
on the track becomes a golden retriever.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
are cars's tires and license plates laid out for inspection.
run down the track toward the stage.
stands and claps for them.
watches a girl and celebrates.
then gets down on his knee and begins washing dishes.
perform near one another continuously while one man falls and another hits him.
is riding, he has rope.
is then seen close up showing a shoe.
then grabs another tool and begins sharpening the knife next to some sliced apples.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
cuts away pieces of the ice and tightens the hole.
stands up and ties his fishing line to the end of the pole and toses it to the far end of the lake.
is seen cleaning the bucket and laying it on a table.
then begins performing several cool along arm springs and repeating herself while looking off into the distance.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
shows himself in the snow skiing down the snowy slopes.
jumps again but this time at 5'10 high, he clears it, and once again it replays.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
is getting ready to jump and this one is 6'2 feet high, he clears it, lands on the padded landing, gives himself a thumbs up and walks off.
is just walking his board as his excitement gets the better of him and signals the start of his jump.
then takes the hose and showcases it.
runs a machine over the car.
puts it under the tire of the car.
run into a building.
then see the play sequence of a play scene from a justin bieber video.
occurred but only able to land on his head multiple times.
clears the bar on the second jump.
is high enough and he sits on the bar.
are standing next to them watching.
, it is girls hit a pinata.
then pushes off the bar.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a fenced in vault area.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
on skateboard are stepping on them spinning them.
tell who will win and who will be left out of the championship.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
stops licking his left paw and finally falls into a pit of its own food on the ground.
is now standing on its front feet licking its right paw.
is done grooming itself and it just sits still.
are talking into the camera pointing place an their hands.
shows another container of wet wipes.
rinses the shoe inside the folded towel with water.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, a fish come out the hole.
throws the object off onto the field and begins throwing another as well.
then start talking about baseball.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see people playing tennis on the table.
see a man break-dance in the middle of the table and people laugh afterwards.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are cooled, they are put into the oven and put onto a pan together.
are done, both of the girls take a break and then finish their food and put it on the plate.
push their backs against a cliff.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
hits the bar with a hammer, then stop and shows the permit really for it.
zooms in to show her any number of different notes.
are sitting on top of the camel.
is walking next to the camel.
hit get into them and fall.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
grabs a bottle of vinegar and pours it on top of the salad.
puts the lettuce on top of the salad.
is talking the talk.
continues tossing the salad.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling.
shows the ingredients required for the drink.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
she takes a drink of vodka and pours it on the conch and presents it.
pours it into glass and adds down a third.
then finishes grabbing the dog and putting the dog in his coat.
goes into an emergency room.
does stunts while riding a harmonica.
goes through a stack of papers.
is then night time again.
switches sides quickly, continuing to play the instrument.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
walks towards the camera talking.
finish building a tent on the ground.
stick hands into cups before pulling them together.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before letting go to fetch another one.
gives him money and someone else who's sitting in a chair gives him a highfive.
is then seen spinning around multiple times while a crowd watches on.
jumps into the pit afterwards and the audience cheers and cries high.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, on the past for the past 30 years, a man is shown talking 8 different times.
talks standing in a car.
collects people in a room.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
comes back and starts mopping in the kitchen.
returns and mops on the counter.
continues talking as she plays the harmonica.
stops playing and smiles.
continues smoking with his mouth open and leads into him getting up and speaking to another man as well as smoking cigarettes in a conga line.
are swimming in the frozen lake.
then try and catch a seal, but it is too fish ridden for them to finally get one in their mouths.
then fish larger fish out because it is easier with big fish.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
feed the fish he just caught.
put into a box and go out partying.
run and do jumps while also landing on the mat.
can be seen swimming around and smiling to the camera.
puts the cone under the boy's nose then in his mouth.
watches the child and his friend to the swimming pool.
places " states " on the braid.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
changes to see the man fly over the arena.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
play and rotate between the two of them.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
, he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
then goes into large groups playing game of tug of war as a crowd watches.
goes into a puck fight.
puts on his mouth piece and hooks a fish.
pauses and speaks to the camera.
pulls the fish out of the hole.
stands up and spins her body, demonstrating some gymnastics moves.
is also another man wearing a blue shirt playing opera violin.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
are kids behind them also playing their violin.
man pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
is occasionally shown playing tennis, then goes back to speaking to the group.
pretends to scour the windows.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
run around and throw the men into the group.
continues playing with the violin in front of him and ends by leading the camera around.
jumps over his head.
then begins pointing side to side and panning around.
plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.
holds up the violin to his chin and gets ready.
plays a song on the violin.
plays a song on his violin.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
is using tools as he works.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
hands an ice cream cone to a client.
speaks their hot eights while the bald man talks for a bit.
jump on top and harness up.
stop hop roping and relax.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
circles a couple times several more times, there is still no sign of her ending her gardingaing.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
, the skier stops talking and sits up.
spits the mouthwash on the ground.
wearing a black jacket lines up at the center of a sea filled crowd in the starting line waiting for the starting line.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
then takes his rake and moves the dirt back and forth around the house evening it out.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
then begins running down the track on the rod while the audience cheers him on and applause when he's finished.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
is standing ide the swimmer in the pool and the both do up the rubik's cubes.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
continue to mix ingredients together in pots and pans and finally eat all the food on the table.
jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
wraps an arm around a boy who looks like he is in pain.
stand up and throw the weight onto the stage.
moves on, waving at one another.
goes to another part of the body of water together.
cut through deep ramps into rapids.
starts from bottom to top of the leg and continues that motion.
gets on front a woman.
puts the bottle away, and holds up a clear box with a white bow on it with an red bow on top.
jumps in the air and mounts the bar.
then moves the vent that is on the floor next to the tile.
is talking to the camera enmate the screen.
shows rustic, contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store.
shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
spits in a cup.
see a closing screen.
goes right and we go left.
swing the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
is playing basketball on the court.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
Intron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is talking about the benefits of being self sufficient for exercise.
continues talking about the benefits of her elliptical.
appears, lying down on the elliptical and explains how the switch works and in the end ends with the key being shown dropped on the screen.
continues to show the viewers the correct way to exercising on the elliptical.
then concludes the tutorial.
pans around the girls playing with one another while juggling balls and leads into one catching a puck and shaking hands.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
then brings the canvas a closer look.
then throws a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
then puts it on his arm.
opens it again and puts something else into the middle of it.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
informed of the difference difference is shown and it featured several clips of shopping lists on sitcom hosts.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan.
bowls the dough into balls and proceeds to hang them on the wall.
comes back congratulating himself.
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, a woman is standing next to an ocean and the man and woman water ski.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
then rolls out the excess weight over his shoulder portion and let it hit the ground before jogging across the gym in a sprint.
holds the bell high before resting it on his chest.
are shown of kids swimming and leads into a girl grabbing objects under water and swimming with another.
continues to play back and fourth on their basketball around the court.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is holding a person playing an acoustic guitar.
show up performing stunts.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards.
pour the mixture into a pan, put it in the oven, then shortly take it out some time after.
throws balls with dogs on the field while the dog plays fetch with other dogs.
continues to play fetch with the man.
hit his hand on the back a bull and after the punch, the other man started to read the book.
grip each other's hands and start dancing in place.
start to talk on the table.
carry on an arm wrestling match.
are playing a game of water polo.
grab a cup and turn the sink on.
interviews several runners and ends with her leading a world cup.
see a kitchen and a doctor.
is on the ground doing tricks.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
is cutting the grass with a hose and computer monitor over time.
is trimming the lawn in a back and forth motion, moving the trimmer horizontally across the grass.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
of the car is cleaned the men put the back of the car in the back of the van could be seen in the garage.
is narrating the action.
is a bike parked next to the house.
then begins carving the wall along with a large metal ring attached to it and showing a close up of another wall in the same exact spot.
picks up the ball briefly.
punch each other with one man winning.
comes up short of the net.
continues talking then pans away to a dinosaur.
begins singing while playing the violins as the girl behind her starts to dance.
resumes playing the violin for laugh.
begin to play the violin together.
sits in an inter tube at the top of a hill then rides down the slope laughing.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
concentrates on tight intertubes and the bridge above their heads.
continues hitting the ball around while another walks in and jumps on his back.
springs back into the air and lands a high jump into another mans arms in slow motion while the audience claps and the man stands and walks away.
see people start when the gate opens.
stops to play all around and act really silly.
stands with arm extended as another man runs down the track.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
talk a little bit about it. they each
stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
begins hand drying her hair.
puts icing on the top, then seals it.
then strike off balls as well as speaking to one another and wrapping up the interviews.
that another guy plugs into the playmate.
talks into a microphone.
again, the instructor then comes and discusses the topics before the class.
put on the boots that appear next to the tree.
then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other's watch.
then stands on his hands and begins rubing his body into various positions.
then goes into a house and shows another man getting down on dirt.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
then runs around another man jumping in and playing with the sand pit and then jumps outside performing various different moves and techniques.
flips several times before finally throwing the javelin into the air.
flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
put his cone on the carpet and lay down on the carpet.
is standing in front of a plate with four green beans on it.
are shown on the screen at the end.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
holds a training staff in his hand.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is sniping at a man in front of a tree.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
continue talking and putnam the kids are getting ready one by one to run to the goal.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
runs out of the sink to the woman's help and she gives him a towel and holds his face.
gets onto an elliptical and starts sharpening it.
shows the sharpened knife that he will be sharpening.
is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
then sharpens the knife.
, the preteen girls play pretend basketball.
goes back and forth on the floor.
begins dancing while playing a set of drums.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
jumps off the skateboard onto the street.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
in a blue shirt claps.
see title screens with instructions.
shows the screen on the machine.
begins playing the harmonica back and fourth.
returns to his station.
run around on the field.
transitions to shots of the two women dancing in front of a crowd.
then wets a cloth and scrubs the toothbrush on it.
begins to play the harmonica more.
is in a rink skateboarding on a hill while another boy watches him.
are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
is high fiving sesame street.
lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down.
does this again while people watch on the sides.
holes and pulled a from a hole in ice and wiped it with a rag.
then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
watch on the sidelines.
is then shown put down and the third man succeeds in the match.
starts working out on the belt.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
are standing in a tennis court near the net.
opens the accordion, inserts a blue string into the racket and begins to play.
is a player demonstrating the serve as the coach explains.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
goes back and forth between the two balls as the crowd claps and the man in black takes his bell and lets fly until he hits the ball.
are sitting behind tables watching a game.
approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
happily watches his ice cream being prepared.
then appears playing bongos with the others across the table.
rearranges a garment.
see the box in person from a distance.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
