is using wrap to wrap a pair of skis.
pulls the barbell forward.
are then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.
stands on his hands and springs.
turns his body around on the mat.
celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
fight robots of evil and ends with a to be continued.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.
then uses a strip of sealing tape to seal the board and then smooths the bottom of the board.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
then escapes and jumps away.
explains how the frog secretes a poisonous fluid that can be extremely harmful.
watching the boy and boy as they play a game of drums.
demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
pauses in the process of eating to enjoy her food.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are done, they shake hands and walk away, but cheers are heard all around as they're finished.
sharpens and cuts something on a knife board using an electric tool.
is animated as he does the task.
member cuts a piece of sunscreen.
plays the bagpipe and smiles and laughs as he enjoys the hospitality.
are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.
, she begins to brush her lips and make painted lips look just like a lipstick to the camera and ends with her closing gift and instruction showing her off at the end.
lose their shirt during the fight and run back the others.
washes the boy while the child grabs shampoo.
puts a shirt on and rubs his mouth.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
then wipes its paw on its ear.
played paper if and shoot the arrows to hit the target, then he hang from the board with his bow and arrow.
begins mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is on ocean and swimming in white water snapping his head.
see a tool on a table.
see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
begin to wrap red bow around the plastic cups, put bows on the bottoms _start_various objects on the foam covers and belongings to the floor.
lands in the cup and one of the boys begins to drink the beer.
does a trick and the liquid is poured on a second table.
is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows.
talks to an older man about snow cleaning dogs and showing how it is flectious.
, the child and the woman tries to eat food without ice cream, then they sit and talk with adults in the room.
tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.
hits a big weight in slow motion.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, the person removes the heel heel from the shoe and polish.
continue to discuss the topic of volleyball.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
and woman dance around together on the stage.
plays the hip hop and dance moves with the band.
are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
then are shown running down the road one at a time followed by many more following.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast crosses the pommel horse with the long rope while performing handsprings.
discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.
comes back to the train and continues walking on the subway.
finishes playing and remains seated.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
does a trick on his dirty ice fishing line.
finally reaches the surface.
then begins washing the other child and ends by copulating with him.
is hit one after the other, and the girl lets go her hold.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
finishes and walks off, leaving the violin lying on the ground.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
starts mixing the ingredients together.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
sets the iron aside.
starts hitting objects on an item.
strokes the cat's head.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head, catches it and does a gallop.
is replayed, ending with the young lady clapping her hands joyfully.
cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
starts to get darker and darker as the large wave picks up and men continue to sail around it.
belly flops on some grass before a newscaster announces the story.
then explains the skates movement and how to use the breaks that is in the back of the skates.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
picks the knife back up and places it on the appliance.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
removes the rubber band off of the knife and gets it across the blade.
then demonstrates how to sharpen the knife and finishes by putting a metal rod in front of the plate of spaghetti that she just sharpened.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
reading a book demonstrates how to use the bottle in the bathroom.
placed his feet on the pole and then hold it, then jumped from the pole on the poles stop and put his hands on his knees, bend down, and begin swinging on the pole.
raises the bar over his head followed by another.
turns his back towards the camera and continues talking to the camera adding more weight along with more weight on the end.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
then heat paint and paint more followed by smoke and zzing.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
push the cups of at the sea floor and the sea floor begins to rise.
see a man holding a camera.
see the man turn off the camera.
hands another person the mouthpiece.
wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
men fall to the ground.
returns to the people riding the donkeys.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is shorter than the men and has a shorter range.
begins to lose balance and falls off of his board while the man in the front is still standing up.
are seen having their pictures taken and speaking to the camera while water flows all around them.
then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance.
, the young man finish playing and take off the headsets.
trying to get the ball to go far past the basket and hit it back towards the basket while her coach continues teaching her.
is holding cored soap in his hand as he washes with a bottle.
is standing next to a man scrubbing the floor.
takes a drink of beer and complaints to the camera.
begins to mop mopping the floor.
lobs the ball back and forth onto the court then puts his hand down to record between his legs to record more practice kicks.
bounces and throws the ball evenly evenly to continue the game of tennis against the two balls.
comes back to him without touching the net.
is playing a harmonica as arrows point to numbers above him.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
came into the camera.
then throws a ball down the snow and another person stands on a ladder and catches the ball.
, the cooker add black ingredient and block.
, the man measures the sharpener and cut the discs on its knife, then sews the discs and carve them.
blow, flour is poured into a pan and laid out.
gives a kiss to
, two men fight sand with an accordion while a man help him pretend.
pulls the pole and wire up higher and the man kneeling on the ice pulls the fish out of the ice water and puts it onto the ice.
lays out the fish on the ice while the audience can't make out a face from their turn.
is a game going on called soccer being played.
then wipes his face.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are shoveling snow from the foot of the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
comes to an stop on a hill of snow.
explains about techniques to correct your back and legs rotation on the course and game.
then comes back to the camera and explains what he did.
played tennis ball with another person.
serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back.
kicks his shoe off while dancing.
resumes playing the violin.
holds a harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
zooms in to the driver side wheel and mimic it.
appear and one stands next to the car and the other follows behind.
engages in some form of mount.
takes off on a bright course.
rinses his face with water from the body of water.
washes and a man wearing a blue shirt speaks to the camera.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
continues talking to the social media to find a rich husband in that world.
continues talking about the machine while smoking a cigarette in front of the camera.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
puts on hair gel and brushes on her face.
are shown on a hand.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
departs from the camera frame, holding a spoon and shakes it in the air.
are filled with crowds, people and cars, and she is wearing a white and orange outfit.
on the skateboards takes one final turn and then climbs the stairs of a building.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
march the sled back and forth creating holes as they go.
fizzles and the man drops the hook.
play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see a man flip and throw the ball.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
is riding on the road on its belly.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
screams in pain and the man finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera.
starts to wash the clothes with both hands.
goes back to using his hands to wash the clothes gradually.
adds more soap to the washing machine and then proceeds to swirl and rinse the clothes.
motions for someone in a suit to come and gray their hair.
finishes the sentence introducing us to jesse.
see a guy hold a blue frisbee in the air and tell that the dog has a pink frisbee and we see its pink feet.
throws the frisbee and a dog catches it.
see the ground in a white screen.
kicks after the dog while the lady helps.
talks about how to properly ride an object while another man climbs up on the back of him.
never stops, trampling the grass and clipping it back.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frnt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
makes a turn she goes up arm high and lands inside the field.
wins and knocks the other down.
take turns as they volleys the puck around in the air.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
head towards the ball.
are placed into a glass of liquid and cut along skin.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
uses the pad on the baby.
sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of the hosts speaking to one another and people hitting the ball and walking away.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns off and continues mowing the lawn with green topped green grass surpassing the stilts.
forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after she is back to applying white paint on the wall.
then fades to black and the camera are seen from several angles.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is talking to the camera anther different sidewalk in street.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
fades to black as two men with referees run into the classroom and he shows pictures of the men who are teaching them.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
finishes by playing a set of small drums with her hands.
stops talking and ends with a smile and the words " howcast original " appear on the white screen.
then paints a floor with buckets of paint and he uses several buckets to paint the room.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
proceeds to clean up the stained glass.
then grabs pink lip stick and takes the girl's lip stick.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
products her face again and shows us a photo.
then begins tugging the slide on his little body while working his way back and fourth.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
put the seat on the bike.
begins and the people are creating a frame on it.
beats the cymbals and drums very fast.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
places the wheelbarrow and supplies inside.
turns back to the girl.
finishes and wipes off the comb.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
picks up a cherry cone.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
is getting a pit bull purse and f are standing on the top of the rock.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are standing and watching him.
continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
are blocking the ball as the referee is trying to prevent them from throwing it.
's a player in a blue and white uniform shooting the ball for a point and scoring a goal.
begins by playing the violin while the other performers dance in a choreographed fashion.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man accelerates and spins and kicks.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
then snowboards down the mountain as people watch and applaud.
then pauses for a second to kiss the ground next to him.
are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
finish wrapping and taping the ball.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
is trotting on the horse across the field.
, the polo teams gather in the field preparing themselves.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
see people playing a game of polo.
see two men shake hands.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
turns to face right.
fades to regular color.
shoots at the hoop and misses it.
kick the balls at the basket.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
wearing black santa claus suit give the ball to one of the young teens who take it, while his mother pushes the round ball to the other direction.
, the young man plays the soccer ball, and the boys walk with the soccer ball.
then begins moving back and fourth while the camera follows him.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
picks up the violin and begins to demonstrate how to play a song on it.
then removes the camera from his mouth and uses the camera to point at the yard and then proceeds to mop it up.
ends with the closing credits shown across the screen.
takes a large knife and begins sharpening it.
pushes himself on the water while the boat speeds up.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned.
appears to its red and green color, which brings the man back on the field.
is thrown onto the board.
is dancing, doing flips, twists and tricks.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man lifts 290 kg weight until the shoulder.
plays on the street while the audience watches.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
then display the results of the spin class.
runs performing a long jump in a arena.
works out and lifts a bar in the air with weights.
then picks the weight up over his head.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
bends down and works his way up with great effort, finally lifting the barbell over his head.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
finishes and reaches for her mouth in the sink.
pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
the end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
appears on screen with pictures of the horses inside and out.
uses his hands to eat the food.
hands the child something from a purse.
scrubs the dish vigorously in an attempt to get rid of the food in there.
lifts it over his head and drops it onto the sand.
stands up and puts his fist in the air.
introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
applies a moisturizer to her face while dancing around.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are in his bags, he secures it with his straps and begins jumping up and down.
, the man finish playing and leaves, then he leave with his face in between his hands.
continues to play the instrument while moving her leg up and down and the people clap for her on the side.
is back on the board, he takes off running back down the board.
piercing drill is in her lip and she is getting a piercing.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
are standing on the tight rope watching the jake and waiting.
's a boy on the end of the rope getting attached to a higher rope.
talks to the camera for a little while, then walks towards the shower.
is something about dogs that is contagious.
then gets in a fight with the dog being pushed out of the way.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
loops and ties the leash around his legs before getting dressed.
is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body.
becomes enraged by the bath and runs towards the door.
lifted the barbel and something inside it flipped off and the other man stopped and get the stuff and hand it to the other man who tried to carry it up and handed it to him.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
is finished, the object in question is a cylinder.
takes the names of the players and plays with him and his friends and ends with the closing graphics.
licks a spoon and continues speaking while holding up a flattened ice cream cone.
are seen speaking back and fourth and continue to move around a racetrack.
is seen speaking to the camera in slow motion while standing on top of a ping pong table.
, the man shake hands with a man in a boat and leaves the sailboat.
hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
serve the ball over to each other and they bowl over and around each other.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance.
see a man shaving her cheek.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
machine begins to tattoo a tattoo onto the cat.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
then continues to stare at the camera.
taps the ball against the wall.
climbs onto the back of a man.
throws a ball over a lawn into a cup.
men talk, then the man puts a fountain pen on the cup and begins talking.
struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
follows the men down the path.
is a microphone that is continually playing on the right side of the table while two of the contestants are able to hold their fingers close to each other.
finally begin, the girl on the left wins but she is quickly stopped and they have to restart and the same girl wins again.
lifts the side tire of the mower, and then rolls it onto the grass.
uses a razor to shave the woman's head.
seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
slides over a large rock and then slams into the Ice.
struggles to get the fish out and someone comes and takes it out for him.
are two fish and one of them is focused on freezing and he waves at the fish.
, a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.
is food being eaten at the event by many.
are shown carrying food and drinks some on a leash.
begins and people run very fast.
comes across the finish line.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
then play a game of soccer with one another, running up and down the sandy field while coaches yell on the side and a goal is blocked.
begins by introducing a girl named jennifer, who is walking with her dad behind her.
explains another video that he and his friend play for fun while in a roller rink.
alternate health issues and hairstyle on the show, providing some very detailed advice on what's to come.
are watching as he continues to play.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
hit the harmonica against the racket causing the player on the right to lose its tune.
is wearing a beanie hat because it's raining outside.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
then throwing in the machine mix.
drop the knife on the ground and bobby sharpens it off by sharpening it using sides.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
finish, someone drops an item, along with their name, at the end of the video.
from the rain, it is snowing and a lot of people are standing in the street getting wet and wish they hadn't done that.
, the streaker finish on time with the wave of his hand and walks off.
begins performing various tricks in the water while moving their arms and legs around.
raises it up to his face.
scrapes the leaves together and wraps them with tape.
explains how you should cut the grass according to its color and how high or low you want it.
she takes her blades and cuts up some of the grass that she sliced.
form two groups and hold up two girls who hold up one girl together.
stands on a foosball table and throws his legs up in the air.
stops performing many tricks back and fourth.
falls out of the water.
hit hoops each other as they walk.
push bulls around on each other while trampling them.
cleans the tire and scissored it, replacing areas where he thinks it's damaged.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiled in water held by a crank.
is added to the cup and more limes are squeezed in by hand.
carried the pole on his back while running.
is mowing the yard up and down.
at the bottom of the screen and the player at the bottom rises from the table.
gets off the board and spins in the air.
comes behind him on a fishing pole.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are seen sharing their stories and experience about their jogging expedition in the mountains and their participation in the marathon races.
and clips of a man running marathons are shown with overlaid graphics showing angles.
and hits a stride.
are on opposing sides of the court holding rackets.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
kick the ball up and down the field when one scores a goal.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
squeezes juice from the lemons and adds sugar and water.
are sitting in the stands watching the game.
kicks the ball into the goal.
begin punching and kicking each other.
punches and kicks the same man.
continue playing and here's other team scores a goal.
refereeing for their fight.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins taking off a bike's handlebars and moving them around.
right is holding a camera while walking in the air.
sets down the knife and continues talking while demonstrating sharpening the knife.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
spits it out onto his hand.
, they walk to the camera holding flowers and the girl walks away.
is seen from behind.
uses a metal brush to wipe green off of the mat.
, the man performs his routine on the parallel bars.
is seen looking to the camera and portraying a person's face in the mirror.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
then shovels some white powder all over the chair.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
proceeds to polish the boot.
then put the boat back on the road.
take a ladder to board the boat on their backs.
, he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is motorinterviewing a person on the white wooden flooring as the camera watches.
then takes the racket, pulls the handle again and returns to the previous position in front of him only this time he takes another hit.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is playing a game of croquette.
enter the field with frisbees and their dogs.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is talking about her hairstyle.
are behind the scenes.
are lined up, racing to break people to get to the finish line.
see a man and a cat in the indoor yard, then in the fenced yard of an event.
finishes while business cards are laying on the table.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
waves to the camera, gives a peace sign, then drinks from a can.
are shown and the man on the lawnmower gives one more wave with his left hand.
form a giant circle and begin to race each other.
rides past cars at a quick pace and performs several tricks and flips.
performs a long jump in blue desert.
starts hit by the ball.
then begins performing a routine on the stage with one others.
continues dancing and playing the drums that leads back to the crowd.
kick a ball back and fourth while others watch.
continue to throw balls trying to get the other to score.
play a game of skiing.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
perform with batons, swinging and twirling them.
looks at her phone while the two women hold the camel down.
shakes the woman on its back.
back and fourth while the man hits the strings.
begins playing the piano followed by the person speaking more while they play.
of different beach soccer teams taking shots at the goal.
then leaves it alone, while he continues talking and talking.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
are at the watership, then they cables up into the system and rests.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
uses the barbel on the wall.
, he picks up a small white block and starts to sharpen and sand the knife making sure to be very gentle with it.
jumps off of the pony and catches a running dog.
then hog ties the dog then walks back toward the pony.
is standing with a scythe and laying down his wood.
in the crowd are watching back on now.
pulls out a fish and hooks it in the hole.
picks up the fish in his hand.
stand around the camera looking around.
continues speaking to others while still moving faster and faster.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
is standing on an elliptical talking.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the conversation from earlier comes back to him that it says to leave his cell number with people eventually, so he removes his phone from his ear.
is belly tied to a hook.
struggles to get the guitar in play, a cue bird appears in the sky directly on his lap to take away the tension and rock his oar.
takes a pause and then begins playing a song and the lyrics to the song appears at the bottom as well as the notes above them.
is standing on the field shaking his arms.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
uses the rope to hold him up while continuing to ride.
speaks to the camera by a vintage red car.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
explains the importance of a still to show a product of the same kind of grooming.
puts some paste on the solution of the jar and rolls up the pucks before putting them back on.
the woman has other bat and it hits the man right in the face.
, the woman throws a small ball and they catch it and continue playing.
lifts the barbell continuously with one hand upwards placed on his shoulders.
then lifts the barbell over his head and tosses it onto the mat.
uses a hand squeegee to train the toy truck, and holds it extended for inspection until the toys are empty.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears and words appear on the screen that say " jackpot eels ".
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
then lowers the weights over her head.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
then walks out with the ball while speaking to the camera.
throws the ball back and fourth and ends by demonstrating how to tie his shoes.
are shown while someone narrates the tricks.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
looks up at the camera and the camera holds its eye open.
looks into the camera.
stares blankly at it.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
then try to kick and move through it.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
give a kiss on the end and let go.
ties it around his body while looking back to the camera.
reels the fish in and hugs it before walking away.
performs a long jump and receives his second point.
engage in a long race to the finish line.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs at the camera at the end.
are interviewed on the docks.
girls serve a sandwich, then, the two girl and one put sheet cake on the table.
then become the badminton team, competing in the javelin throw as the crowd cheers loudly.
shapes the mix from the bowl into lumps and places them on a baking sheet.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
shake hands before placing the mixing spoons on the baking sheet.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
fails once and kicks the male's leg.
appear as the continues to play with one another and ends with the man embracing others.
protect the man as he runs around the yard.
decides to turn off the red mower.
see the bath drill in action.
are shown the polish and prep display.
are standing next to the strong waves.
are very much like the people on tv, looking forward, and having a good time.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake a car tire and use a tool to remove the plastic on the tire.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
adds the mixes of other ingredients into the dough.
, she puts the packet in the oven and prepares a casserole dish.
seeds a cookie inside the cookie then puts them inside a rolled up package.
are finished, white letters indicate that they are a gift gift from ms who is helping and sending them to the shop along with other gift and supplies.
prepares to perform a high dive off a stair stepper but it slides but slips.
then rounds his legs and gains the momentum to pick the weight back up and begins continuing to dumbell it again, this time squatting farther.
, the woman takes out the container of the mower and puts the dead grass in a trash bag, then she puts back the container in the mower.
is guiding the girl with a pick.
uses a tool to carve working bed down type of smile on a wooden board.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
walks to a cube and sometimes he stands up close to it and tries to solve the cube.
on a red horse killed a bull and the bull ran after the matador.
lifted the loser and threw him on the ground.
then ties the strings on the bike while still speaking furiously to the camera and is seen pushing himself along the side.
are floating on a dark blue body of water.
extends a hand and manipulates the ingredients.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
cuts a lemon and places it on a plate.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes greens into the mug.
are fasted into the mug.
cuts fence paper using his hands.
plays a large keyboard, strumming on the keys and pausing intermittently.
goes into the sand and a player gets passed to get it.
who is in black is running and served the ball.
hits the rope and floats across the field.
, the players stand as spectators, while the girls run and swim.
also starts stomping on the congas with his feet and the rhythmic beat he made on the congas.
comes down a hill.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
starts fishing by fishing with his mouth, while the camera helps.
smile back at each other and dive under the water to fish.
shoot a police shooting machine that walk past the camera.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding down a slide.
then completes the high jump successfully.
dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
reaches for her chin and makes a face.
, the perber machine wakes up and the black is seen and white is shown across the screen.
takes the ball and begins dribbling it to make a goal and he succeeds and it is replayed in slow motion.
begins playing a saxophone.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
continue playing against one another and end by cheering.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
are ina a ring in a wrestling competition fighting while people are in stands screaming.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
cuts along the sides and places the mix in the mixer.
come onto the screen and transitioned into a group of girls in fencing gear preparing to compete in their fight against flaming beasts.
start they go into an intricate dance routine that fits with the song.
the women continue to hop and spin while the man in the red jacket hold up a flag.
spits out alcohol and spits it back in.
stand on front the crowd.
give each other high fives.
shake hands and walks away.
then captures several animals raking as well as a ball.
is seen standing on a cane and putting on gear.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
plays inside a building.
hit the violin and man continues playing the piano.
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is used in sentence of the product.
rubs his hand on the wooden chair.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
dips a rag into the pail and scrubs.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads
are lit with a lighter as the flames catch the pine needles on fire.
brings out shoe polishing supplies.
then pours the shoe polishing supplies and lubricates his shoe with the product.
bends and picks the knife sharpener up.
dorks an ice cream cone.
begins and the girls do their routine of dancing, jumping, making different line formations and baton twirling as the crowd cheer them on.
finishes their routine and the instructor throws their sticks down in the sand.
then kneels on the ground and talks to the camera.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
stands face to face and speaks through his hands before kneeling.
presents the fish to the camera as well as speak to the camera and continue to grab and hold up fish.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
keeps following a man painting tiles and nail them down.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
shake hands with the frisbee that comes in their path.
put a contact into her eye and puts a gel into her eye.
pours liquid over her hair and pushes so hard it causes a pink head and the hair sticks then curls back in again.
irons the edge of the rollers for her hair.
then gets on the track and begins making a record.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
performs a long jump on a track and into
shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
is a man combing the hedge with an electric razor.
come out and perform a routine on the stage.
cheers for them once they finish.
kisses a girl and celebrates.
washes his hands and turns to face the camera.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
are waving and a man behind the camera is asking them to wave, look and say hi at the camera.
bends down and lifts up one of the soapy people, then back down using a bar to lift the hose.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
then cuts the apples with the sharpened knife and leads into another person holding and showing off more knives.
shows more shots of the people cutting the grass and walk back to the camera.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
comes from the below specified values.
yells something to the camera while she continues to scrub the clothing down.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
describes the chords of a song and the proper finger placement to form the chords with a fingering chord diagram on the screen.
plays a song supporting the note that comes from the mic and then transitioning into a guitar solo from there upbeat music.
starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
continues skiing until he reaches the end and only people who are very loud speak to him.
is sitting in a tube on a flip board and holding onto something and doing flips and handstands on it behind him.
performs one last trick on high, this time with an upper hand but he misses again and fly.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
rises again and runs to the tree and jumps between the jump ropes and lands on a red border trampoline and does a flip.
then flips off of the bike and lays in a crumpled heap on the ground.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
rubs the sponge in foam on the cars tires.
then begin to fight one after the other.
then see men playing lacrosse and scoring goals.
occurs but only able to land on his head multiple times.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is high enough and he sits on the bar.
are hitting a red ball back and forth.
, the young man throws the girl the bat and kicks her three times, and then he continues spinning, then throw the pinata.
then pushes off the bar.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
pushes a robot robot on a gym floor and the men practice arm wrestling.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
is finished, he runs back to congratulate his balls and congratulate the others.
rides bikes are played.
tell who will win and who will be left out of the championship.
is finished licking its paw, the dried off part of its fur and off of its black nails.
stops licking its right ear and just stares at the camera while the man is now licking its front paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears.
are talking into the camera pointing place an their hands.
dries off the shoe using a towel.
shakes his foot with music and the camera follows the movements.
captures him from several angles while he sharpens the knife with complete concentration.
, a fish come out the hole.
throws the object off onto the field and begins throwing another as well.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed and two men are interviewed.
see the ending screen on a black background.
see a man raise the ball to his mouth and bite.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are in the oven, the two girls sit in front of the oven and watch the cookies bake.
are done, both of the girls take a break and then finish their food and put it on the plate.
push their backs against a cliff.
demonstrates by demonstrating how to kneel on the floor then continue doing the workout.
begins to do it in repetition a few times before finishing up.
turns and people around the stage can be seen talking to the camera.
wearing hats are helping the camel walk.
tries to ride the camel but the camels legs just keep kicking.
hit get into them and fall.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
comes into the kitchen and pours some water on to a milk jug from a small window.
then pours the salad in another bottle and puts it on a plate next to her.
gives her approval and the lady pats her hand.
finishes and takes out her purse and pulls out a tissue.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
throws the salad towards the potted plant.
pours it through a straw into a glass and washes it down with a cup of soda water.
pours all of the ingredients into a bell shaped brown pot that has soap inside.
, she pours and each drink a glass of the liqueur.
pours the drink into the shaker and mixes it from the shaker.
finishes grabbing the dog and putting the dog in his coat.
sets it against a house.
fills a plastic tub with clear liquid.
cuts tiles for a house to look clean.
shows the papers on the screen.
cuts his fingers and plays intensely as he plays on the harmonica.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
reels in a Jack O Lantern.
finish building a tent on the ground.
continue hitting the ball back and fourth to one another while one throws the ball up in the air and runs away.
picks up an additional burden of weight up and drops it on the other man.
speaks then he climbs on top of a tree with a woman.
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
continues piecing the bike together and pans around the finished product in the end.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
reach the winner, the people laugh and compliment the woman who is unconscious on the floor.
raise her arms when cross the finish line.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
uses the mop to push all the hair away from his face.
comes back and starts mopping in the kitchen.
returns and mops on the counter.
then pierces the girl's ear.
then plays the saxophone and sings.
then plays a little piano and sits down to smoke away while continuing to speak and play.
then take their backpacks and they get into the cold water with the fish.
come out to fish from the ice, looking back as they go down the mountain.
then fish larger fish out because it is easier with big fish.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
feed the fish he just caught.
sharpen the knife to slice the fish to prepare batter covered fried fish.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
releases the fish swimming free in the large body of water.
adjusts the cone for the child.
eats the ice cream cone with his hand.
hands the woman the brush and blow dryer.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
cuts away to him jumping off of the horse and pulling a woman off.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
, the owner of the surfing is talking to the reporters about the event while demonstrating the swim jump technique he has learned from serving on numerous sporting events.
play and rotate between the two of them.
ends with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
, he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
then goes into large groups playing game of tug of war as a crowd watches.
spins and throws a ball.
pull a fish out of the hole.
points at the camera and smiles.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
stands up and spins her body, demonstrating some gymnastics moves.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play.
man pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
finishes his match and runs a towel over his face.
puts the item in the glove box area and leans on the car.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
drops his shirt to the floor.
tries to run away and walks in circles.
examines the instrument in his hand.
brushes the instrument's red owner.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
begins to exercise in class full speed removing the ballerinas from her body.
uses trowels and strikes a tree.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
hands an ice cream cone to a client.
raise their mouths and raise their mouths to the camera with their own mouth.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
finish and hug each other before walking off.
then starts playing the clarinet, while holding the instrument, by moving her hand to the front not at all provoking the girl's advances.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
finishes, the girl moves closer to the camera on her knees while holding a cylindrical object, and then straightens her legs out and stops her bow.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
, his story is aired and he hands off to the camera and another reporter reporters appear in the car while viewers show them all.
throws it back in front of her and then continues smoking.
wearing a black jacket lines up at the center of a sea filled crowd in the starting line waiting for the starting line.
pass the ball to one another and passes the ball to the opposing team.
returns to face the camera and the man i just talked to begins doing some woman talk about gardening.
he is done, they return the two bags to the woman who is now tapping her foot and speaking to the camera.
seems to be talking to the camera when suddenly the dogs start fighting and punching each other.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
throws the pole in the air as his teammates run around to help him and he fails and falls down.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
finally signs an order and raises his glass.
stands in the balcony and hold the handgrips of the man.
is talking about the argument between mike tyson of swansboro and smith of egg plants.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
jumps at 6'6'9 again and we see the replay.
sits in the driver seat of the car while holding onto a baton.
licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue.
drop the weight to the ground.
meets in a field and then in ring with other people.
al saddles is through a ramp and waves to the camera.
are shown taking a break in the river.
rubs soap onto the women's legs and rubs them with her hands.
looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
jumps in the air and mounts the bar.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
is talking to the camera enmate the screen.
points to all of the materials the furniture is made from while holding a bowflex gun.
discusses to other persons about the rafting experience.
spits it into a bin and rinses his mouth in purple mouthwash.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
goes running back and he keep hitting the ball though the bases and talking to the other players.
swings the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
in a red shirt is practicing dribbling and hitting the ball with a stick.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
grinds it and adds salt and baking soda.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
and ackle man take turn to jump in the stilts.
is talking about her trainer and the benefits of the machine.
bend down and grabs the handle and begins working out fingers moving it around her body while talking.
explains some more demonstrating how to move the legs as well as talking to the camera.
continues to talk about the difference between using the exercise machine and using a friend.
then concludes the tutorial.
zooms in on the girls water polo and the girl speaking gets toward them and throws the ball.
applies the paint pads all over the wall and then removes the pieces before continuing.
uses his tools to rip off the excess paint, then runs his back up along the wall.
places his hands on the bar continuing to perform several tricks.
ties the end and folds it into double knots.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
is then mention with text on the screen that it can lead to high blood pressure it is then mentioned that it can hurt your hair growth and that it doesn't have any vital nutrients in it.
is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
informed of the difference difference is shown and it featured several clips of shopping lists on sitcom hosts.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
cookies then shows off the cookies in the oven and shows off the camera.
washes the dough with a sponge and then cuts it into bite size pieces.
comes back congratulating himself.
and take a break.
, the boat slows down and the woman and man fall on the rock surface.
, the toddler and dog pass under the bathtub and the dog rolls to the rear, while the toddler stand then rinse his dog using the water, then the dog stand then head jump.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
are shown of the crowd cheering and showing the girls swimming successfully.
continues playing basketball while looking forward and stopping to speak.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is perusing the notes on his wrist sound proof nib.
are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard.
are celebrating is guiness.
girl pours pasta across a plate to serve the girls and plays with the girls hair.
pour the mixture into a pan, put it in the oven, then shortly take it out some time after.
throws balls with dogs on the field while the dog plays fetch with other dogs.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores a point across the screen.
hit his hand on the back a bull and after the punch, the other man started to read the book.
grip each other's hands and start dancing in place.
start to talk on the table.
carry on an arm wrestling match.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
grab a cup and turn the sink on.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a woman holding part of a hat.
loses his board and has to run after it.
is a man wearing white shirt and jungle gym shorts exercising on the green surface.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
picks up the newly trimmed patch of grass and starts trimming it.
puts it down on a table and stands back up.
of the car is cleaned the men put the back of the car in the back of the van could be seen in the garage.
kick the leaves to the back of his yard.
is give yourself a break till the movie time.
manipulates the objects and applies plaster around the corners and vigorously pokes holes and mortar chips.
wins and the crowd cheers.
punch each other with one man winning.
falls out of the net and the game ends.
uses the razor off of the section of her leg.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
begins playing the violin while the younger sister watches her.
win continuously and the older sister then gets more practice and even stops playing.
falls off of the rope on the side along the side.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
concentrates on tight intertubes and the bridge above their heads.
continues to play with another and ends by hitting a button on a device.
then leaps into the air performing jumps and tricks on the large stage before tosing his arms in the air and cheering to the audience.
see an image of a man on a machine.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
stretches and does his part several times on the track.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
, you see them on the field playing a game and later talking a little bit about it.
seem to recall their own memories of times they won medal and stare at their medals.
are encouraging one another as they continue to play the game.
strikes a match on the ground, lighting it.
tapes the box, then lays it down gently on the table.
then strike off balls as well as speaking to one another and wrapping up the interviews.
consulting with the referee and seeking help, the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
are pointing out the balls and the ornamens.
returns and sprays his hair to complete the haircut.
then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera.
pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt.
are engaged in a game of curling.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continues when many close up do short stunts on hole slides in the street while the camera captures them from several angles.
then stands and begins running with the rope and one chases after him.
94 runs down the track and runs past an audience of people.
releases the bars and then the gymnast catches both of them on his hands.
puts his cone in front of the camera.
throws something at the boy with ice cream.
are shown on the screen of a game.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
meet at a red light, then they get on their bikes and go on a race track.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
bends down and picks up a large weight.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
finishes speaking and puts a yellow tarp over the baby.
os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
then wipes the face of the child with a towel.
begins to sharpen the knives in a razor l-shaped window.
uses the knife forward, then side to side slicing tomato clips.
has sharpened enough knives to make them bigger, he slides a smaller knife into a sharp one and starts sharpening it.
then sharpens the knife.
, two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket.
performs batons in the air.
begins dancing while playing a set of drums.
pours some of the lotion onto her hands and rubs it on her face.
split logs of wood into a triangle on the table.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
see the closing screen.
grabs and guides the device.
then begins playing the harmonica throughout the entire song and ends by adding a bow.
appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
speak to the camera.
transitions to the woman speaking to the camera, finished with a title screen and the interview.
then finishes the brush and straightens his hair.
finishes playing and laughs.
is holding the ladder to lift large object from the floor of the skate slide.
are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
is high fiving sesame street.
repeats this actions backwards with a height difference.
continues shaking the bar and ends by holding a pose in the end.
holes and touch the hole with the rod.
then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
run around throwing the object around on the ground.
beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates.
gets on the bike and starts working out.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
, wearing blue shorts, brown leotard and no shirt will come on stage and begin kicking the ball.
is playing racket ball with the first player.
are occasional camera flashes as the man in black is keeping score.
serves the ball to the opponent in white.
in gray tries more of the serve and fails every time.
are standing in front of the table watching.
performs a routine in front of spectators, two of them wearing white sweatsuit.
then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight.
then lifts the weight up and down and pushes the weight side to side.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
sprinkles ice cream on the ice cream cone.
rubs his head and is relieved.
wraps the box in the fabric and ties it up.
see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
