is using wrap to wrap a pair of skis.
swings and lands in her arms.
are then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.
stands on his hands and springs.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
push a child in a speedboat in the water.
takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone.
cuts the center stone in half and blow it on to make it bigger.
uses a small brush to polish one of the stone pieces.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
watching the boy and boy as they play a game of drums.
dips the ball and walks back with the boy and pours detergent into a cup again.
is then seen sitting alone as she eats a cold brown ice cream.
take turns jumping on each other like they are performing karate.
dance together with flip up their sleeves.
are finished, they jump up and down happily and walk off the stage, exhausted.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
floats in a river.
goes to the bathroom and isn't able to get very far.
are shown as she continues to dance around on the hardwood and every move makes a lash on her face.
, she begins to brush her lips and make painted lips look just like a lipstick to the camera and ends with her closing gift and instruction showing her off at the end.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
puts a shirt on and rubs his mouth.
shows how to hit the mom and then kiss his dad as well.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
then wipes its paw on its ear.
played paper if and shoot the
starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.
then see a replay then the person putting the face wash on.
continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.
appears and then different people carry it to a table where they mix the liquid with a straw with a straw and take turns squiring the liquid into their skin.
take a flute together and then begin to play the harmonica using it to play the tune.
rush walks up in front of the boys, removes a small piece of paper from the bottom of the table, puts a hand on the machine and wrestles with buttons, turns the machine off and pushes a button inside to turn the game back on.
of teens is sailing down the river with others sailing in the background.
in grey sweater and black pants talks about the procedures on grooming dogs in life and techniques.
speaks to an older man about snow cleaning dogs and showing how it is flectious.
, the child gives ice cream to the child, and then the woman cleans the child's mouth.
feeds a boy ice cream.
is mimicking the person lifting the weight.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, a person polish the fingers, then the person puts a black polish.
then begins marching down a fitness track, demonstrating steps, going forward and backward, in between takes several breaks to lift their feet.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
dance on the ropes attached to the stage.
plays the hip hop and dance moves with the band.
are shown of people riding up a mountain on skis while being pulled down by a rope.
march around a room wearing funny hats, hats, and shoes.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast stand on his hand and jumps to land on the floor, while people applaud.
is pushing a kress of water in a lake while instructing his boarder.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
plays in a house while the woman looks on.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
takes his clothes off and hangs them up before throwing his plaid shirt into the laundry.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
more fish and throws them to the side.
continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
pops out of the playground.
zooms in on the pinata and then the girl.
continues to play violin while people pass by her.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
adds flour to a baking pan.
shows off various tapers while swinging at the pinata and throwing them out to the crowd.
wets the garment and scrubs it with a cloth.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
quickly picks up and irons, flames dancing over the clothing.
does curling.
strokes the cat's head.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
puts their hands together, and twirl together like a ballet dancer.
continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head, catches it and does a gallop.
is replayed, ending with the young lady clapping her hands joyfully.
cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
holds behind him and the woman continues speaking.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
of trees quickly moves over the trailing wave and they follow suit as well.
belly flops on some grass before a newscaster announces the story.
starts with two small straps and it puts her into a squatting position with feet fully placed over her knee and her hands suspended and ready.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
jumps up and throws something into a container shaped like a snowboard.
slices a tomato on a wood block with the knife.
decorates the knife with green and red maracas.
down retracts from the knife and starts sharpening the knife back up again.
continues speaking as more shots are shown of the boy playing basketball.
kneels down on a mat while holds up an aerosol can.
crosses parallel, then stand on all fours above, and on his arms then jump.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
finally lifts the weight over his head over his own head.
are wrestling at the ring as people are seeing them.
then heat paint and paint more followed by smoke and zzing.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
push the cups of at the sea floor and the sea floor begins to rise.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see a fin enter the camera.
bottoms out in the pool.
puts a pants and a shirt into the sink and dries off.
camcorder follows the pack as they chase a dirt bucker.
pans between the playing couples.
are in a par four olympics match.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
kept one arm raised up and the surfer in front of him raise his left arm.
are seen swimming around in the lake and the men speak to the camera.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the young man stands up to demonstrate how to play, after he plays in stairs.
walks across the court with the ball and keeps walking then pulling the girls to the other side of the court and the girls begin playing volleyball rhythmically rolling on the floor as the coach helps them follow how to properly do things.
is mopping the floor with a mop.
attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
takes a bucket, large hose and goes in the sink with it.
continues scrubbing the mop with another spray and the boy walks back.
then jumps onto a tennis ball that is positioned in between a set of net and a larger setting of tables on which are arranged various rackets and vegetables as well as various sticks.
continues bouncing the yellow haired ball back and forth while looking out over the court passing the ball to one of the players.
comes back to him without touching the net.
is waxing a small black horse as rolls his croquet stick.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
is throwing a ball for his dog to catch.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, he cuts a slice in two and put them in a pan.
continue to blow a young boy walks into the scene clearing the path with his leaf blower.
gives a kiss to a man and then look at a table a woman is using, then a woman shows something white on an tin.
, two men fight sand with an accordion while a man help him pretend.
in red shirt starts to swing on the line and tries hard to get it to catch something and pulls on the wire several times and hangs from it like a seal.
in three suits throws the fish down the lake onto the water while the other man at the lower depth touches the fish.
is a man in a blue suit standing in front of them with a thick rope around his neck.
then wipes his face.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are snowboarding down a hill of snow.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
are skiing down a snowy hill.
then demonstrates reading what, by how, you can do the layup over and under hand move with your hands.
explains this one more time as he walks towards the game area.
walked along a beach, talking with people, trying to court a ball.
fell on the ground, the man put the ball down, pull the ball and set it on the ground, he ball fell, but remain upright.
kicks his shoe off while dancing.
taps his shoe while playing the violin.
holds a harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
folds the harmonica between their legs.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
shows the man cleaning the car with the brooms.
are shown standing next to a woman with fish on a wheel, laughing.
gets on the machine and starts riding it.
moves away as the man is pushed back up by the water.
uses a big paddle to pull people that fall.
washes persons hands and wipes them with a blue cloth.
is a clean car wash video.
washer is applied and the wash sheet is spread out on the floor.
are shown on the screen leads into a woman putting makeup on herself.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
continues talking to the social media to find a rich husband in that world.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
puts on hair gel and brushes on her face.
are shown inside a case onto her nose, inside and outside.
fall down as they attempt to make the jump.
somebody else time.
inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
walks past teens riding bmx bikes.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
march the sled back and forth creating holes as they go.
fizzles and the man drops the hook.
play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see a gym with teenagers shooting basketball.
see man pull back the cup and drop a dart down the grass.
finishes her playing and everyone applauds.
is two of the boys skateboard together.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
laughs at the camera while holding a can of herself and the man.
starts to wash the clothes with both hands.
washes the other clothes in the sink and several more people walk by.
keeps washing the clothes as he talks to the camera.
motions for someone in a suit to come and gray their hair.
runs and catches frisbee.
see a guy hold a blue frisbee in the air and tell that the dog has a pink frisbee and we see its pink feet.
is running around catching the frisbee the lady throws.
see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air.
kicks after the dog while the lady helps.
takes turns quickly, mowing the lawn.
backs up slowly to cut the lawn.
, leads into a dirt track.
is sitting in front of a small sketched machine that is beginning to cook something and holds an egg over it that she adds onto the plate.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
reach the end of the yard, she looked around and started to turn around and walk back to the beginning.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
wins and knocks the other down.
take turns as they volleys the puck around in the air.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
swim their way up and get out of the pool while some other swimmers are still inside the pool.
is used and used on trimming a cheek.
bend and glide over scales.
takes a sponge and scrubs an arm using the sponge.
sled canoes together, then other people sled in the lake.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people dancing with one another and once again the same shots are shown in slow motion.
then rides a bike down the hill and gets her hair dried.
holds up the can with the hole facing upwards.
wipes down the empty beer can.
turns off and continues mowing the lawn with green topped green grass surpassing the stilts.
lays the wall paper down while she is still looking beautiful and then she is shown and she is getting into the shower being sprayed with a lemon.
room party is being held and she is shown sitting and talking and playing with a bobble doll.
after, the lady continues her tasks and then walks outside to take her cat out.
slides down, showing to the camera the seeping hole that the hole in the floor has made.
are shown with a game ending in screens and then paper going and people sitting around the table.
cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is standing in front of a car and is playing them from the bottom of his shoe watching the people driving the cars around.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
in a blue shirt watches him.
then fades to fade to a pitch black.
picks up her violin and continues to talk before she starts to play it and stops.
puts her hands on her head while talking for the camera and a few more well placed shots play.
stops talking and ends with a smile and the words " howcast original " appear on the white screen.
gently glides the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic.
wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
wipes her lips with a napkin.
climbs all the way down and plays with climbing equipment.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
put the seat on the bike.
is put together on the floor.
beats the cymbals and drums very fast.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
picks up several bags of flowers on top of the flower bed.
pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is in stairs ice climbing and here is a man catching trash in the woods and the boys are in the road getting fixed.
skis as people gather and leave on a pier.
picks up a cherry cone.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
is stepping on a blue mat sitting on a bed and a man is jumpin behind her.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are shown waving to the runners as well as more shots of people running past characters and going through the finish line and celebrating.
are sitting on a beach at a party.
climbs along backwards on the rails and we see her jump straight off of the side of the chalk.
also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
continue running and receiving a high five from the coach before they go serve the ball.
are a lot of people watching from the open loop stadium.
sings her song right into the microphone followed by dancing gracefully and holding her body up and facing the audience as she finishes.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man stops and puts the helmet, then he continues driving holding the handlebars.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam two times.
rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again.
are shown of the boy riding around on the equipment as well as sit on the floor and play pool.
grabs the barbell, turns it around and hooks it up.
throw it and another woman joins.
's a young man dressed in a blue polo wo, green shirt and black trousers standing at the polo table rubbing a green coated straw.
is pulling off his jockey shorts.
, a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
mows the lawn being pulled by the jetski.
see people running in a gym.
then see the man jump at 6'2 " and he knocks the pole over.
holds a ball on a chain.
turns to face right.
then fades to black.
runs across the court, knocking other people to the ground.
take positions next to each other and prepare for a play, the teens jog around each other standing on the court and kicking the ball to each other in a gymnasium.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
playing a yellow t-shirt practice basketball on the other basketball goal.
, two men wearing playing clothes practice practicing basketball as spectators.
jumps at the end and runs towards a beam with arms up before jumping up and down.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
picks up the violin and begins to demonstrate how to play a song on it.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
then zooms out and you can see him making notes on another piece of equipment.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
skis all around part of the water road while people distract him.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
continuously spits water all along the dog while the dog sits still.
changes to him jumping again in the same spot.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
then hand down the final results of class.
runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat.
walks over to the spectator for a closer view.
lifts the weight up to his chest and jumps back down to grab it off the ground.
then joins the girl on the mat and begins hitting the red ball he is playing with.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
bends down and works his way up with great effort, finally lifting the barbell over his head.
pops a silicone in her mouth and a piercing appears followed by her face's face.
then spits the water into the sink and looks at her teeth very close in the mirror before the scene fades out.
then fills the sponge and the boy rub them along his skin while the girl brushes it down.
and the boy ride around on their horses, grab several up a horse and throw them back to the dirt.
the end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
remains on the bottom right area of the screen the whole time.
places the hands back into the dessert.
hands the child something from a purse.
eventually is seen applying a gel and being shaved.
lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
walks up and sits down next to him.
introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are all strapped together the man begins running.
, the man finish playing and leaves, then he leave with his face in between his hands.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
is won, the toddlers are chased by the mickey mouse dog and they handle all of the puck and they switch places, still pushing it across the black triangle.
and other parts of her face stop.
are shown on a bar pouring down and then pouring in a rubik's cube.
are walking in a tight rope on the playground.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is another little puppy running around the dog and a little kitten too.
walks the dog out the front door.
is done with the dog she puts him down and questions him again.
bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body.
is running around the dog with wet fur too.
removed the plate and raised the barbel, while people standing next to him held the barbel heads.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
is done, he checks the blade before lying the knife back down.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
places the ice cream down on her lap and licks it up.
work around him in various angles and ends with their closing poses.
is seen swimming in a fishlike manner under the water.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water.
does a layup on his stomach.
are playing a really good game, one of the girl lands right on her stomach.
holds the weight bordering his sit position and runs on the distance.
then see her from the backs as she is getting ready with her hair down.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
is gently taking the dog's hair.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
pushes another ice cream cone into her mouth.
is laying on a wooden mat.
walks over and lifts up the ball.
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
men talk, then the man puts a fountain pen on the cup and begins talking.
struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
zooms in on the fallen man while they all laugh together.
is a microphone that is continually playing on the right side of the table while two of the contestants are able to hold their fingers close to each other.
have given each other a high five, they hold out the no off sign after each other's initial victory.
is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
sits in front of a rolling skin treatment table showing several facial treatment bystanders.
seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
is floating in the water.
struggles to get the fish out and someone comes and takes it out for him.
are two fish and one of them is focused on freezing and he waves at the fish.
one holds a fish over the hole and once he gets it down he swims towards the camera.
opens her mouth and a drop of eat the ice cream all over her face.
spit something out of their mouths and continue to play.
are moving shoe polish all over shoe.
is sitting down holding a shoe while another man takes it off him.
are people playing a sport on ice with frisbees.
are getting ready to start a race.
begins and the people begin racing on horses.
comes across the finish line.
spins a ball under the yellow cones.
then play a game of soccer with one another, running up and down the sandy field while coaches yell on the side and a goal is blocked.
begins by introducing a girl named jennifer, who is walking with her dad behind her.
explains another video that he and his friend play for fun while in a roller rink.
closes the video with a quick goodbye and the closing credits are shown on the screen.
are shown playing guitar while the man plays more drums.
is also enjoying herself dancing with another male and she seems very into what she's doing.
continue playing together as they dance along.
is wearing a beanie hat because it's raining outside.
are more close up shots of knife sharpening tools and taking them off the counter and putting the squares in the pockets.
then throwing in the machine mix.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen, afterwards cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
run, they pass two teams of players who have long lines and a large number of spectators watching or cheering them on.
from numerous small kids, there is another man on the street while some other people still sport marmalade from their garbage.
a large green group of people on a dirt bike appears, cut, ready and they all are waiting for the talking with a ripple of dirt in the ground.
rides around on the board a lot hitting water balls and laughing with one another.
raises it up to his face.
kneels down and puts what he is raking on the ground.
cuts the grass fully and uses a tool to pierce the various holes.
she takes her blades and cuts up some of the grass that she sliced.
put the ladies on their shoulders and flip them into the air and spin then do arm wrestling as people run running up.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
lands on his feet after the tricks.
falls into the water and recovers.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
carry him away and show more clips of people bull fighting.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
tubes are filled with limes and a plate of limes.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
jumped and landed on the gray mat, then the man walked and lay on the mat, then climbed on top.
is swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
stands and walks to the corner, threw money at the player who scores and the video starts again.
is staring off into the distance looking sick as if he's hallucinating.
is holding a small fish in his hand talking.
is knelt down on the ice reeling in a fish.
are shown riding on the dune horses as they complete their journey and come face to face with their opponent on the dune horses.
images of athletes from different sports appear as a result as they jet f hand through elaborate stunts and techniques.
and hits a stride.
are in a court in front of lightweight balls and making areas for putting the ball on the court.
are skating on the day but in the night.
move all around the court shooting at one another with the ball.
does a trick high on his bar, performs a fast warm up run, flames appear in his footwork and the first man offers him a number of times on trampoline till he reaches the end and drinks a lime.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
walks up and pours some of the lemons into a bottle.
pops the lemons with a straw.
are sitting on the sidelines watching the game.
does flips in the air in the back yard of a house.
begin punching and kicking each other.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is practicing wrestling in a gym.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
pumps a piece of fruit and measures it with several bottles.
breasts is standing in a room talking.
slides the knife on the stone while pressing the knife with his fingers.
points and sits next to the knife down.
spits it out followed by another kid.
she presents flowers and they hug.
is seen a a distance away.
is using a blue pump to pump blood into his feet.
, she jumps, spins and flip making the splits while the man watches.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
then installs a new roof.
is performing a song on a flute.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
then zooms in and can see the holes he just sprayed them with.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
jacks up the boot and then puts it back on the table.
then sail the boat across a river.
take a ladder to board the boat on their backs.
he has some snow on his shovel to serve against the snow.
is bent on his knees and suddenly he jumps up to his feet, but keeps his knees bent while he squats low to the ground continuing to talk.
then puts his two hands on the ground, and pushes his feet back to go back on his knees and demonstrates one more time how he jumps from his knees to his toes.
is sitting on his rock carving off an ice ice and stone chunk.
is playing a game of croquette.
are standing around a bowl picking up balls.
take turns putting their dog down.
holds open her eye and puts a contact in her eye.
is talking about her hairstyle.
are running full speed down the track.
race down the hills, making fast jumps into the sand.
see a boy cut open and clean out a pumpkin.
wets the table with white water and wets the cloth again.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
blows bread then continues working in the living room.
continues to surf and seems to have a great self control as he continues to do various jumps and tricks along the grass.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
walks all the way to the end where he jumps off and is seen again sitting on the street.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
picks up a bottle of water and takes a drink of the water.
then dance around one another all performing martial arts with one another.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering to the camera.
kick a ball back and fourth while others watch.
take turns one after the other shooting hoops.
play a game of skiing.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
is washing his hands in the sink.
are engaged in a game of curl, holding the balls and punching them.
looks at her phone while the two women hold the camel down.
shakes the woman on its back.
back and fourth while he dances to polka music in the end.
begins playing the violin.
of players jumping from a boat into the sand are shown.
walks back to the door ending with the last cut.
moves in the last string, he makes sure he has a good bend seated inside the weeds, grabs a rake then slivers the top of the hedge.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
are walking in the street watching the guy playing violin.
lifted the barbel up to his chest.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
jumps off of the pony and catches a running dog.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on a piece of equipment.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pushes a fish to the bottom of the hole.
takes a fish out of the hole.
look around and watch the man skate.
skates on the street and goes took the stairs.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
is seated in a room on a grey floor by a small round table covered with lumberjack stuffed toys.
is talking he is also being held by being shirtless, and is showing off the number 678 alongside the elliptical opposite him that continues to display the number 779.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
swims up to the bait and grabs it as the man reels it in.
struggles to get the guitar in play, a cue bird appears in the sky directly on his lap to take away the tension and rock his oar.
takes a pause and then begins playing a song and the lyrics to the song appears at the bottom as well as the notes above them.
is standing on the field shaking his arms.
continues to play and ends by gesturing and smiling.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
is standing outside with a bag of wood from the garage and a lighter in a bag at his feet swinging around a woodpile.
wipes some car cleaner on the driver's side door and polishes it.
is standing next to a saddle on a back porch with a white hose in hand.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
instead of using the bat to hit the man, he steps on the man's foot and she lets go that spins the girl around so she hits the man.
, she swings the bat at the pinata and she hits the candy out of there, then she takes the blindfold off and swings the bat again getting more candy out.
slowly lifts his weight doing squats on front a barbell and looking back down after he's done lifting it.
lifts the barbell above his head.
uses a hand squeegee to train the toy truck, and holds it extended for inspection until the toys are empty.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears with black letters below and we see a white screen with white words on it at the bottom of it and it says how to get it from the register with an online purchase screen.
are now outside of the shop where they carefully load the large cake into their red company car.
stands back up and continues pushing them around.
is eating cereal in a bowl.
looks away and licks the cone.
then begins demonstrating how to use the basketball to hit a ball while still speaking to the camera.
straight across the basket with a forward momentum.
are shown on the skates as they move quickly.
is shown standing on a slack line as details of his trick are shown.
waves its front paw at the camera.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
stares blankly at it.
jump off of a bridge onto a large rock.
then try to kick and move through it.
take one and start wiping the bottom of the shoe.
give a kiss on the end and let go.
ties it around his body while looking back to the camera.
gets one and walks over for a bite.
hurls his javelin down the field then watches.
run down the track and into the sand.
are walking by the table wearing white bumper cars.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
are in the water, trying to make floats.
girls begin move the girl on the chair and then the one on the chair exercises along with her while she talks.
link their hands and begin to eat fried dough.
shapes the mix from the bowl into lumps and places them on a baking sheet.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
take a spoon frame and wrap it in tape.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
are seen playing guitars and singing along while the man continues playing drums along with the song.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
decides to turn off the red mower.
see the stone in the washer and dryer and the instructions are given.
see the lady in red again.
are playing water polo in the water against the waves.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man puts the leaves in a bags.
, the man rake the leaves by hand.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
measures flour and dough and knits it into a plastic bag.
some more mix, she cuts out shapes to plated and lays out it in bowls and makes a small foil fit over them.
seeds a cookie inside the cookie then puts them inside a rolled up package.
are done, she removes them into the oven.
is standing inside a garage with another man dressed like a drunk.
then rounds his legs and gains the momentum to pick the weight back up and begins continuing to dumbell it again, this time squatting farther.
, the woman jumps the chair.
is guiding the girl with a pick.
sits and drinks from a cup.
continue flipping around the gym while also stopping to speak to the camera.
moves to a cube and sometimes he stands up close to it and tries to solve the cube.
helped him get away after he was gored in the neck.
storm opposite a bull.
then ties the strings on the bike while still speaking furiously to the camera and is seen pushing himself along the side.
a long piece of braided yarn inside, and a little black pail full of apples on a table sitting next to a long wooden bench in front of a white wall on metal, metal table, wooden table, wooden bench, beanbag chairs, wooden kitchen countertop and glass red shade top sponge and white bowl full of chopped apples and green strawberries.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then squeezes the orange juice into the bowl of a lemon.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes greens into the mug.
on a towel and put them into the mug.
cuts fence paper using his hands.
takes out a spray bottle and continues to mow the lawn.
goes all around the court.
who is in black is running and served the ball.
goes into the opposing goal.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
waves his arms for animation.
part as he passes an old buck.
is kneeling down in the snow reeling a fishing pole.
smile back at each other and dive under the water to fish.
practices on running with his dog.
are shown being played.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
does a facing flip and lands in the sand.
runs after a fly as it tries to evade her.
dries her face on the towel.
, the perber machine wakes up and the black is seen and white is shown across the screen.
move out of the net, resulting in their loss in a pit of mud.
kneels across from the first guy at the coffee table.
continue to push and kick the man's hands while other boys practice in the background.
continue jumping along with others in the background.
are doing wrestling movements in a ring in a dark room and a referee is waching and screaming at them.
stand up sitting on the floor.
are in a high court wrestling each other and wrestling and giving a sign sign of bernadette talsil holding her partner.
spits on the floor.
holds a knife sharpener and rubs the knife up and down the sharpener.
come onto the screen and transitioned into a group of girls in fencing gear preparing to compete in their fight against flaming beasts.
start they go into an intricate dance routine that fits with the song.
is over the group of winded ladies disbands from the formation.
takes a drink of the cup.
give each other high fives.
place their camels in a pile on the ground.
shake hands and walks away.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is pushing tiles with a tool.
then throws the tiles down on top of the ceiling while continuing to work.
is shown on stage, and a man is quickly playing a violin.
are played as the focus remains on the violin.
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is sprayed on the wooden chair.
oil up the chair and put it in the trash.
blows leaves from the window of the living room with a hand blowing leaves from the window and the chair
dips a rag into the pail and scrubs.
rinses the wooden chair with the garden hose.
is left to dry.
are placed inside a circle so they won't burn themselves.
touch a doll's breast.
sprays lotion onto the shoe.
places the knife and the elongated sharpener on the counter top.
walks by from behind and gets a quick peek then keeps walking.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
ends their routine as they dramatically leave the gym one by one.
then kneels on the ground and talks to the camera.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
jump and squats again the lays on the floor talking.
presents the fish to the camera as well as speak to the camera and continue to grab and hold up fish.
calls for a dog to ask him to fetch some treats and then sits by his toys.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
shows a little distance being taken for a redo and now it shows a young lady putting screws into an old base and putting glue.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
moves her hands around while holding onto the lens and leads into her demonstrating how to put one in your eye.
takes a test, she shakes them to see how much they will like the curls.
irons the edge of the rollers for her hair.
pushes a child down the track while people watch on the sidelines.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
performs a long jump on a track and into a sandpit in front of judges and onlookers on the sidelines.
is shown he gets up from his seat and shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of still shots of the man smiling with another man looking on, the man receiving a medal for the long jump, another replay of the jump and a final scoreboards are displayed.
in the middle runs up to the end of it and pulls it back.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
is an advertisement for go green car cleaning.
glide down a path from a line.
cheers and waves their arms.
kisses a girl and celebrates.
washes his hands and turns to face the camera.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
falls off the camel and has the camel carry her.
zooms in on the women as the woman in the red jacket gives a thumbs up.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
then walks over and picks up one he was slicing.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
picks up a very big fish and holds it for the camera.
is seen cleaning the bucket and laying it on a table.
then begins performing several cool along arm springs and repeating herself while looking off into the distance.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
plays a song supporting the note that comes from the mic and then transitioning into a guitar solo from there upbeat music.
takes his glasses off, then he puts his contacts in to solve the puzzle.
shows himself in the snow skiing down the snowy slopes.
is shown kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
now running and jumping over the pole that is now 6 feet high, he clears it like he did all the other heights and once again it replays.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
smiles while he's jumping through the air, grabs a pose and goes to the girls, flips and lands and then walks away.
kneels next to his car and shows cleaning products.
shakes up the product before applying it to a sponge.
waxes down the door of the car with the product.
then begin to fight one after the other.
see men playing darts in a gym as people watch.
is in a particular static configuration bordering the mat for a moment, he jumps then quickly swings, and successfully bounces the bar.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is better, he falls off and almost regains his balance.
are throwing a frisbee for the dog.
, it is girls hit a pinata.
then pushes off the bar.
run in the background behind the cart.
pushes a robot robot on a gym floor and the men practice arm wrestling.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
is finished, he runs back to congratulate his balls and congratulate the others.
in sidewalk skateboarding around, doing tricks and making jumps.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
is finished licking its paw, the dried off part of its fur and off of its black nails.
then lifts its right paw and scratches his right ear and then licks that paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
is done grooming itself and it just sits still.
catch a large fish and pull it out of the hole.
shows a bottle of powder then places it in his shoe.
picks up a high top pair and wipes it off with the same wet towel.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, the child slope down the ice to get to the hole.
then runs to the end and walks back to the starting point.
work out on exercise bikes together.
is interviewed and two men are interviewed.
see a person add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a person score a point we then see the ending screen.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are ready, the mother adds the baked cookies to the oven and after puts the cookies in a frying pan and stirs the cookies.
're done in the oven, they have another batch baked and their dad has a plate to take off next.
are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom.
sits down and demonstrates how to properly properly work out on a bench.
tosses the bar up in the air.
pans to show a group of children in the rough and tumble forest area.
are sitting on top of the camel.
is walking next to the camel.
gets down and began shoveling the snow and snow and holding up water.
all get back in their boat they all begin to enjoy the cold water and in the ocean it gets really cold.
grabs a bottle of vinegar and pours it on top of the salad.
puts the lettuce on top of the salad.
stands and claps her hands.
puts some squash in slices and squishes some stuff so it sticks.
is mixing salad into a sparkly glasses, and talking about the whole haircut business.
plays with her hair and then prolly applies makeup.
pours ice in a small glass and squirts lemon juice into the glass.
puts lemons on a glass and mixes the liquids.
she grabs a cup and places it on her lap as she greats from the glass.
then adds a few drops of sugar.
then pets the dog and lights a flame to add some heat and leads back into the dog being tv interviewed and shown off again until it goes back to the other arm wrestling event.
goes into an emergency room.
climbs a ladder and looks at a roof.
cuts tiles for a house to look clean.
is then announcin aluminum on a table.
lowers it from his mouth when he is done.
lifts them up over his head.
hangs dead leaves on a tree.
play a game of table tennis by the fire.
hold out bowls and pans in to one another and point to one another.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before letting go to fetch another one.
speaks then he climbs on top of a tree with a woman.
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
is shown trying to model the seat with a different size of handle.
continues piecing the bike together and pans around the finished product in the end.
, the woman cross the finish line and people help her.
talks standing in a car.
collects people in a room.
ride the bulls and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating.
sits down and scrubs his right leg with the mop again.
moves around the counter the floor sweep the points near the stove.
mows near a chair to make parallel bars without doing lap tops and he mops near the table.
continues talking as she plays the harmonica.
rests back down and fights the woman who finally pierces her ears.
then plays a little piano and sits down to smoke away while continuing to speak and play.
then take their backpacks and they get into the cold water with the fish.
are patiently sitting with their fishing rods till they fish out mid size fish from the holes.
then fish larger fish out because it is easier with big fish.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
feed the fish he just caught.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
can be seen swimming around and smiling to the camera.
are holding cups with ice cream.
wipes ice cream from the child's face.
hands the woman the brush and blow dryer.
takes the brush take from the mans hand and wets her hair.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
turns back to the horse standing in the warm weather and he is commentating on what he's doing.
, the owner of the surfing is talking to the reporters about the event while demonstrating the swim jump technique he has learned from serving on numerous sporting events.
play and rotate between the two of them.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then kneels down and fills a bucket with sand.
of the water, he falls.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
continuously offer white roses to the man as well as small gifts and a purple shears.
zooms in on the cameraman and people hug and drive away.
goes into a puck fight.
pulls a fish out of the hole.
points at the camera and smiles.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
is shown massaging cream into her face, then rinsing it off with water and patting dry with a towel.
is also another man wearing a blue shirt playing opera violin.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
are kids behind them also playing their violin.
pans back to the man doctor sitting in a chair and further inputs appear.
is shown climbing a horse back into the room and changing to riding a horse while performing tricks.
finishes his match and runs a towel over his face.
puts the item in the glove box area and leans on the car.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
run around and throw the men into the group.
continues playing with the violin in front of him and ends by leading the camera around.
jumps over his head.
moves around in a circle on his head and spins.
plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.
holds up the violin to his chin and gets ready.
plays a song on the violin.
plays a song on his violin.
pumps and displaying to the camera two little black turns around 5'10 " and begins jogging down the course.
uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.
are sitting in front of a woman doing a tutorial on stain removal techniques.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
jump on top and harness up.
stop hop roping and relax.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
circles a couple times several more times, there is still no sign of her ending her gardingaing.
skiis, a small mountain gorilla appears.
, he goes to fast and ends up flipping over into a pile of snow.
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
wearing a helmet and hooded sweatshirt runs beside the other dirty or dirty bikers, followed by his younger body of sea-wort that hangs from trees from his chest.
take off running down the track.
shovels up the dirt from the side yard down.
he is done, they return the two bags to the woman who is now tapping her foot and speaking to the camera.
seems to be talking to the camera when suddenly the dogs start fighting and punching each other.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole.
is done, the man takes off so fast the lawn mower resumes mowing again before stopping and holding out his hand and ending the video.
shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
stands in the balcony and hold the handgrips of the man.
is sitting thng a round table.
hold salad tongs and continues serving and mixing all the way to the end.
jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
sits in the driver seat of the car while holding onto a baton.
seals her lips in a sticky paper towel.
lower the weights over their heads again.
gesture at the camera.
al saddles is through a ramp and waves to the camera.
are able to get out the water and sit on the raft.
rubs soap onto the women's legs and rubs them with her hands.
has a damp towel and under her eyelash.
takes the soap clean out of the water as she's smiling to the camera.
jumps from the trampoline onto a mattress and begins moving around in a circular motion towards the end.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
is standing in front of an exercise wheel with a child sitting on top of his head, the kid waskanda thumbs in the mouth and the child throws the kid off and drinks water.
points to all of the materials the furniture is made from while holding a bowflex gun.
shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
screws his mouth shut and spits it out.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
goes running back and he keep hitting the ball though the bases and talking to the other players.
places a cloth on a branch as he cuts.
is walking down the court and starts doing several martial arts moves.
is then added to the kindling as she picks out small sticks and lights the fire.
fills her shaker up halfway with ice and then she adds vodka and chambord and she puts one ounce of both of them and then she adds a little bit of pineapple juice and cranberry juice.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
Intron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is talking about her trainer and the benefits of the machine.
continues talking about the benefits of her elliptical.
continues explaining the mechanics and features, but the lady in the red shirt gets distracted for a little bit.
moves back and fourth while the machine explains how to removed the elliptical section.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
pans around the girls playing with one another while juggling balls and leads into one catching a puck and shaking hands.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
is getting what looks to be expert help from someone and he is smiling a lot.
then throws a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
opens it again and puts something else into the middle of it.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
gets finished quickly, then a video of a woman in a sweater is shown and then individual cut hair is displayed on the screen as she continues talking.
shows up with a picture of a man and a woman that are close up a better picture of a yogurt cup.
rolls down the lawn mowing path making turns and turns around.
mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan.
washes the dough with a sponge and then cuts it into bite size pieces.
does a funny dance in the air.
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, more people take off their clothing and do half jumps in the river.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
smiles as he lowers the weight down by putting his hands on the bar to steady himself.
shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
are shown of kids swimming and lie down afterwards while the boy keeps in time with everyone inside the pool.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
of a cat is shown.
is holding a person playing an acoustic guitar.
show up performing stunts.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
girl pours pasta across a plate to serve the girls and plays with the girls hair.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
throws the frisbee and the dog catches it while the man keeps throwing.
has the dog back to play fetch with the dog while the dog keeps chasing after the frisbee.
is doing a sit up on the floor by the women, he reaches for the woman.
grip each other's hands and start dancing in place.
bend down and clean large puddles from the floor.
take another drink and dump it out in the sink.
pick up the towel and wipe their face.
grab makeup brushes and hold them up.
interviews two twins while running and the news shows off other runners in the area.
see a woman holding part of a hat.
falls across the other seat.
is a man wearing white shirt and jungle gym shorts exercising on the green surface.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
takes his finger and starts trimming the grass from some left over growth.
lifts it to her chest, then over her head before freezing in place.
of the car is cleaned the men put the back of the car in the back of the van could be seen in the garage.
is lifts a heavy laundry basket to his chest and lobs it to a pile of leaves on do fwalk.
is a bike parked next to the house.
shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him laying it down.
pushes the billiard stick through the dirt and speaks to the man.
pick up the boy in celebration.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
begins singing while playing the violins as the girl behind her starts to dance.
takes the violin back and that girl plays until her dad comes over to show her the proper pro-soprano positions to play the violin.
show their leave after the sister speaks to the younger sister.
sits in an inter tube at the top of a hill then rides down the slope laughing.
rides along the top of the snowy mountains on a tube out of site of others.
then rides together floating through a tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues hitting the ball around while another walks in and jumps on his back.
springs back into the air and lands a high jump into another mans arms in slow motion while the audience claps and the man stands and walks away.
see people start when the gate opens.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
stretches and does his part several times on the track.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
, the whiles of men and women start running through the field chasing a ball.
walk between a row of trees towards a long line of machines.
are encouraging one another as they continue to play the game.
begins hand drying her hair.
puts icing on the top, then seals it.
then ddle the woman while she records and showing off her hair style.
, the third time the person belongs is picked up and dropped off then he moves to another area to play again.
uses pocket sweepers to spray leaves off the windows.
again, the instructor then comes and discusses the topics before the class.
then put their sneakers on and get on santa outfit.
takes it in turn from the boy and the man enjoys it and walks off.
then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera.
pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt.
are dancing slowly to a song.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
then stand still and each takes turns running down a different road several times as the people watching continue to laugh and then come back down the road in the end.
is shown several times jumping with people measuring his jump afterwards and raking the sand.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
put his cone on the carpet and lay down on the carpet.
teases him with a quick bite of the cone.
come back onto the screen from his video.
then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end.
start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
bends down and picks up a large weight.
gives the young girl a high five.
is seen with a young girl as she speaks.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
continue talking and putnam the kids are getting ready one by one to run to the goal.
walks to the court and score.
smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel.
shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
then sharpens the knife.
, the preteen girls play pretend basketball.
tosses the baton in the air.
shows a bottle in her hand.
holds a bottle of mouthwash and shakes it in her hand.
have an animated conversation where only the boy and the walkie talkies are in his use.
jumps off the skateboard onto the street.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
kneels next to him water boarding.
zoom in on the man under the floor.
seems to be a popular one as he works out.
begins playing the harmonica back and fourth.
tells viewers how her team is running and she hugs a cheerleader for showing her final moments.
run around on the field.
transitions to the woman speaking to the camera, finished with a title screen and the interview.
undoes the top button of his pants and looks confused.
continues playing the harmonica and ends by laying down, laying in the bed with her eyes closed and resting her head on a pillow.
is goin a hill taking a rest.
are in a brown river and the woman is sitting in a kayak steamer.
is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her.
lifts himself backwards and the camera zooms in on his back while the other follows him.
kicks it with his knees while the camera captures him from several angles as the body weight hangs over his head and he throws it down several more times more.
holes and pulled a from a hole in ice and wiped it with a rag.
gather up the fish from their hole and grabs the pole and starts fishing.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
are seen stepping up throwing the object while the camera watches.
run onto the ring and begin performing a martial arts move while others applaud and pockets watch on.
wins by curlew flips and the audience applauds.
is working out on the bike.
manages to climb it to better get his feet wet.
, wearing blue shorts, brown leotard and no shirt will come on stage and begin kicking the ball.
easily snaps the tennis ball into the court, then the person in black walks over to the man dressed in a black tank top volleyball net tennis clothes.
is a blue board behind the blaez net.
serves the ball to the opponent in white.
in black goes back and forth between the two balls as the crowd claps and the man in black takes his bell and lets fly until he hits the ball.
are sitting behind tables watching a game.
jumps, flips and falls from the platform.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
mixes some flour in a small bowl which is then drizzled over the knife.
sprinkles ice cream on the ice cream cone.
sits next to a woman praying.
rearranges a garment.
see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
