starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
pulls the barbell forward.
sit in a canoe while the man paddles.
stands on his hands and springs.
continues to lift his body over the pole.
starts doing spins.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
look in the cameraman's eye and smile.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
starts to party with them and throw the pieces by hand while they celebrate.
walks towards the camera.
then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play.
demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
pauses in the process of eating to enjoy her food.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are finished, they jump up and down happily and walk off the stage, exhausted.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
is animated as he does the task.
member stands looking into a hut and then handing people photographs.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are shown and she misses a little bit of her swing.
she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.
shoot at each other while the helicopter drone who am looking on.
shows some shaving cream on the boy who is scrubbing her brushes.
walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.
shows how to hit the mom and then kiss his dad as well.
laughs at the children dribbling water.
crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.
finished the task of placing the arrow on the target board.
walks off the porch and goes back inside.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera.
see a tool on a table.
see a black screen with the credits.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
begin to wrap red bow around the plastic cups, put bows on the bottoms _start_various objects on the foam covers and belongings to the floor.
rush walks up in front of the boys, removes a small piece of paper from the bottom of the table, puts a hand on the machine and wrestles with buttons, turns the machine off and pushes a button inside to turn the game back on.
continues to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, the woman gives ice cream to the child, and then the woman cleans the child's mouth.
tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.
is mimicking the person lifting the weight.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, the person polish the fingers, then the person puts a black polish.
then begins marching down a fitness track, demonstrating steps, going forward and backward, in between takes several breaks to lift their feet.
shows the using the sharpener on a piece of wood.
and woman dance around together on the stage.
plays his guitar while moving his body around in front of the band.
are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
then are shown washing a car.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition.
, the gymnast cross the pommel horse with the long rope while performing handsprings.
, in the middle of a lake, is skiing.
demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity.
sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.
begins playing with the harmonica and stops.
finishes playing and remains seated.
puts water on a hose and begins cleaning the windows.
finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
finally reaches the surface.
continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
is hit one after the other, and the girl lets go her hold.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
finishes and walks off, leaving the violin lying on the ground.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
adds flour to a baking pan.
shows off various tapers while swinging at the pinata and throwing them out to the crowd.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
shows how to iron a sock correctly.
sets the iron aside.
starts hitting objects on an item.
strokes the cat's head.
sits back down on the chair.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head, catches it and does a gallop.
is replayed, ending with the young lady clapping her hands joyfully.
removes the pieces of the line off his windshield.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water.
stretches in front of it.
shows how to harness and strap your weight on properly and she moves away from the mounting as she reaches for her left knee.
continues sliding the blade over the appliance.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
gets up and starts brushing the blade.
stands up from the chair and walks towards the stairs before finally leaving the room.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues speaking as more shots are shown of the boy playing basketball.
reading a book demonstrates how to use the bottle in the bathroom.
placed his feet on the pole and then hold it, then jumped from the pole on the poles stop and put his hands on his knees, bend down, and begin swinging on the pole.
lifts the bar over his head followed by another.
turns his back towards the camera and continues talking to the camera adding more weight along with more weight on the end.
are wrestling at the ring as people are seeing them.
then heat paint and paint more followed by smoke and zzing.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
swim in front of the camera.
see men wearing water fogs.
see a fin enter the camera.
walks into the camera frame.
wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
camera follows the pack as they chase a dirt bucker.
pans between the playing couples.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
shows on the side.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
begins to lose balance and falls off of his board while the man in the front is still standing up.
sit by the holes and continue to pull out fish.
then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance.
, the young man stands up to demonstrate how to play, after he plays in stairs.
line up and stand behind a dummy dummy.
shows wearing skis as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.
attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
walks around the mopping area.
continues scrubbing the mop with another spray and the boy walks back.
is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
continues bouncing the yellow haired ball back and forth while looking out over the court passing the ball to one of the players.
returns with a third serve.
is on a slack line and is pushed down it.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then pitches a ball down the snow and another person stands on a ladder and catches the ball.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man measures the sharpener and cut the discs on its knife, then sews the discs and carve them.
fall, a large dog wearing a blue cape covers his face.
films the men drinking beers through a can and eat.
, people play soccer, ripping each other's hair.
in red shirt starts to swing on the line and tries hard to get it to catch something and pulls on the wire several times and hangs from it like a seal.
lays out the fish on the ice while the audience can't make out a face from their turn.
is a boy carrying a metal ball and a black net on the back of his back.
gets up and walks towards the camera.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are sitting in buckets on a blanket on the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
stop at the bottom and talk.
then demonstrates reading what, by how, you can do the layup over and under hand move with your hands.
once again changes course and takes a break before continuing to talk to the camera.
played tennis ball with another person.
fell on the ground, the man put the ball down, pull the ball and set it on the ground, he ball fell, but remain upright.
finishes and gets up.
resumes playing the violin.
runs up and grabs the guitar, then begins strumming.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
walk by behind the musician while he plays.
zooms in to the driver side wheel and mimics it.
in the background release, spray paint, cloth, and long sleeves from a car cover.
engages in some form of mount.
falls as the wind lessens.
falls out of his back.
washes persons hands and wipes them with a blue cloth.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
is applied and the wash sheet is spread out on the floor.
are shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away makeup.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
continues talking to the social media to find a rich husband in that world.
continues talking about the machine while smoking a cigarette in front of the camera.
stops playing the violin and starts to sit up.
puts on hair gel and brushes on her face.
are shown on a hand.
fall down as they attempt to make the jump.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
departs from the camera frame, holding a spoon and shakes it in the air.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
stops skateboarding and gets out of the skate park and opens a door behind her and takes a cigarette out of her purse.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
continue to pull the string while the man beside him grabs a hook.
flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up.
continue playing with one another in the water and join stand by to watch the game.
person keeps score and pretends to make a goal.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see a yellow screen and title screen.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
is two of the boys skateboard together.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
laughs at the camera while holding a can of herself and the man.
shows several different ways to clean a sink during a wash and is seen staring into the camera.
shows his face by grimacing due to the stiff air stream and looks in the mirror to change something for his face.
ends by miming drinking the water in the sink.
motions for someone in a suit to come and gray their hair.
shows from a shampoo advertisement one last time.
see a violinist doing a piano clip.
gives instructions on how to clean a window in a home.
see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air.
kicks after the dog while the lady helps.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
never stops, trampling the grass and clipping it back.
flash across the screen along with a logo and a banner with foreign language written on it.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frnt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear on the screen announcing it is time to start as the woman speaks again.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
reaches the end, she slows down and goes through the washer and dryer area that is lined up before she pulls a spare tire off of the trunk of the car and puts the tire back on.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
are together in a diving pool, putting on mask.
are shown inside a black gym swimming.
is scraped away and then covered with a paper.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
places lotion on the baby's hands and speak to the camera.
sled walking in a city square, between other people followed by all running around.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
of people playing are shown while more paper towels are passed all around.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
holds up the can with the hole facing upwards.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns and walks away from the camera while still smiling.
forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
slides down, showing to the camera the seeping hole that the hole in the floor has made.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
is in the middle of the parade playing a bicycle.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is talking to the camera anther different sidewalk in street.
and a woman stand on the basketball court facing the court, and the video narrates the mid-day drills.
begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
begins to show the boys how to play with racquets and a camera.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
then points to the drumsticks as the camera-the woman stands up and runs into the camera and shows off the correct chords of the bow and also positions her hands on the strings in front of her.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
gently glides the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
necks the edge of the table to position the paint brush and brush on it.
wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
wipes her lips with a napkin.
then begins tugging the slide on his little body while working his way back and fourth.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
clamp a strap on the bike and let it sit around a dusty bike rack.
leather is cleaned, then painted red.
starts and the people are creating a frame on it.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
continues to drum as several smaller screens appear as they show how to play.
demonstrates how to mulch, picking up the material and showing how to pack it around plants.
pans around to show the others performing sort of for the camera, including one woman standing upright in front of a bush.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
begins painting while standing next to a large piece of wood and pausing to wipe the brush on the canvas.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
begins to pull on the skis.
leans away from the camera.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
starts doing gymnastics and howlifting in a gym and in gym.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
show waving to the runners as well as more shots of people running past characters and going through the finish line and celebrating.
are sitting on a beach at a party.
continues her climb as the man holds up sticks and follows her down each way until she reaches the bottom.
continues zooming right into the goalie playing with the other team members.
continue running and receiving a high five from the coach before they go serve the ball.
is a picture shown on the image of bnp stadium giving an illustration.
begins by playing the violin while the other performers dance in a choreographed fashion.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man stops and puts the helmet, then he continues driving holding the handlebars.
lifts it out, then lowers it.
they use a trashcan size object to cut up some of the grass.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
then snowboards down the mountain as people watch and applaud.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the boy riding around on the equipment as well as sit on the floor and play pool.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
finish wrapping and taping the ball.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
falls and is caught by the crowd.
, a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
falls and is briefly submerged.
see people running in a gym.
also see men on a track performing a high jump.
starts performing tai chi.
turns to face right.
displays the phone number of the man with the camera.
starts running toward the ball, and it knocks him down on the ground.
drop the ball, and the other two begin to play blocking it with the sticks.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
wearing black santa claus suit give the ball to one of the young teens who take it, while his mother pushes the round ball to the other direction.
, the young man plays the soccer ball, and the boys walk with the soccer ball.
then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
is shown playing the saxophone in his home.
briefly shows off the violin and the different ways you can do it.
then removes the camera from his mouth and uses the camera to point at the yard and then proceeds to mop it up.
transitions into him laying in bed as he plays.
does a forward flip over the table.
holds on tight as he is pulled through the water.
continues skiing and ends by jumping off the boat.
shows off her rag and blow dryer while the dog mops the area around her.
appears to its red and green color, which brings the man back on the field.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
continue to move their arms or legs around.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
finish on the bikes again.
smiles and goes in front of the camera.
walks over to the spectator for a closer view.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and looks to see how high it goes.
sits in front of a bathroom mirror squishing water in her mouth, as if rinsing her mouth.
finishes and reaches for her mouth in the sink.
reaches behind his head and moves his back while smiling.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
the end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
remains on the bottom right area of the screen the whole time.
stands and walks towards the camera.
scratches his chin.
continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
lifts it over his head and drops it on the floor.
stands by his table watching him.
introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
begins with the nose section, covered with bumps and then applies a toothbrush and a gel to shave.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are all strapped together the man begins running.
, the man talks and playing guitar and talking while singing.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
and other parts of her face stop.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
watch the contestants perform.
are people enjoying themselves on a hammock.
talks to the camera for a little while, then walks towards the shower.
is a dog in a cart, other people are helping her as she gets ready to bath the dog in the water.
walks the dog out the front door.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
loops and ties the leash around his legs before getting dressed.
then sits down on the table and it's done.
becomes enraged by the bath and runs towards the door.
removed the plate and raised the barbel, while people standing next to him held the barbel heads.
grabs a green towel and wipe his face.
is finished, the object in question is a cylinder.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
work around him in various angles and ends with their closing poses.
is seen speaking to the camera in slow motion while standing on top of a ping pong table.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water, as a boat pass on front the old man.
finishes the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
hit the ball on the other side and the team shots.
drops the weight to the floor.
see several women getting their hair cut with scissors.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
appears and wipes the cat's back with a red cloth.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is holyriding behind the man.
then continues to stare at the camera.
taps the ball against the wall.
walks up to the net.
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
begin walking on the bridge again and the sexy figure moves the cups on table, while more persons switch places, and they all move their cups around intermittently, with the woman in the middle.
lean forward then back and grab for the object again.
zooms in on the fallen man while they all laugh together.
are text across the screen that say " hi, what's up, matt ".
have successfully moved their hands, they go back to their team drinking and exhaling while the crowd watches them.
lifts the side tire of the mower, and then rolls it onto the grass.
shows how to use her took cards to model the woman's nails.
seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it.
jumps from and lands parallel with the pole pole.
jumps over the pole but does not get over it.
holds onto a rope as they ski down the mountain.
falls off the ice and wets the fish.
's a woman standing inside the water watching him.
one holds a fish over the hole and once he gets it down he swims towards the camera.
opens her mouth and a drop of eat the ice cream all over her face.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
vacuum up very quickly and presents the shoes.
are beverages in a rainbow colored bowl, while a person drizzles oil down from a sieve.
are showing running back and fourth.
begins and people run very fast.
begins to cheer him on while the viewers smile.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
continue to run around under the stage and close up of a man speaking and shows people playing a game.
begins to show several different clips from the show.
explains another video that he and his friend play for fun while in a roller rink.
closes the video with a quick goodbye and the closing credits are shown on the screen.
are seen speaking to the camera as well as running into the audience.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
continue playing together as they dance along.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
are more close up shots of knife sharpening tools and taking them off the counter and putting the squares in the pockets.
, the person wets the stones in water, then sharpens a knife on a sharpening stone and then on a knife sharpening tool.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen, afterwards cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
finish, someone drops an item, along with their name, at the end of the video.
from numerous small kids, there is another man on the street while some other people still sport marmalade from their garbage.
, there is a blue screen with the caption lsuongs) walking the outside of a building and men holding bumper cars.
begins riding along the water on the board.
raises it up to his face.
scrapes the leaves together and wraps them with tape.
explains how you should cut the grass according to its color and how high or low you want it.
she adds a lot of shade of red and some yellow.
stop spinning and poles except for the right and right girl.
stands on a foosball table and throws his legs up in the air.
lands on his feet after the tricks.
falls into the water and recovers.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
carry him away and show more clips of people bull fighting.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
tubes are filled with limes and a plate of limes.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
carried the pole on his back while running.
swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
stands and walks to the corner, threw money at the player who scores and the video starts again.
flips and falls onto flat sand.
comes behind him on a fishing pole.
is wiping the ice off a car.
are shown walking through a tunnel while the guide is standing beside them talking.
image, azog discus, with a fence bordering the screen.
while reading a newspaper.
are in a court in front of lightweight balls and making areas for putting the ball on the court.
are skating at night, in intensely bright light of day.
run around the court and run back to it.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
begin to play on the water using tape and squeege drums to play underwater in different poses.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
violently cleans the bowls using a towel, followed by water coloring them.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
start running across the field again, trying to score.
does flips in the air in the back yard of a house.
both stand up and go back to arm wrestling.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
begin taking pictures into the camera while still holding the flag and ends with one runner stepping away from the crowd and running.
stands on one leg.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins taking off a bike's handlebars and moving them around.
right is holding a camera while walking in the air.
slides the knife on the stone while pressing the knife with his fingers.
points and sits next to the knife down.
spits it out onto his hand.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is seen a a distance away.
uses a metal brush to wipe green off of the mat.
, she jumps, spins and flip making the splits while the man watches.
is seen looking to the camera and portraying a person's face in the mirror.
then installs a new roof.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
continues mopping the chair and throws it away.
dies down, a small piece of paper is shown.
proceeds to polish the boot.
then sail the boat across a river.
climb across the rope.
he has some snow on his shovel to serve against the snow.
is motorinterviewing a person on the white wooden flooring as the camera watches.
then puts his two hands on the ground, and pushes his feet back to go back on his knees and demonstrates one more time how he jumps from his knees to his toes.
made the ice fishing point with his pole, ice fishing rod, paddle and fishing gear.
is playing a game of croquette.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is holding a frame of pictures.
are going over the hills along the path.
are lined up, racing to break people to get to the finish line.
see a tv showing shots of water and country scenes.
finishes while business cards are laying on the table.
adds more wax to the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
begins mowing the large green grass with the other camera man following close behind.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are sitting on white chairs next to a racetrack.
shows how to play the volleyball.
start performing cheer roping on a fake stage while many watch from the stands.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering to the camera.
track a ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
flip over and fall sitting in the snow.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
perform with batons, swinging and twirling them.
looks at her phone while the two women hold the camel down.
begins to walk and carry the women on it's back.
walks out of frame.
begins playing the violin.
, aerial shots of the team's actions, and the players parking their cars.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
lower a hose into a cup.
are walking in the street watching the guy playing violin.
stands still, preparing for the cymbals.
, he picks up a small white block and starts to sharpen and sand the knife making sure to be very gentle with it.
is about to mount a horse.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on a piece of equipment.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pulls a fish out of the hole and puts it on top of the ice.
begins fishing from a hole in the ice.
stand around the camera looking around.
continues speaking to others while still moving faster and faster.
begins to do several hand tricks as the camera focuses.
poses with the beverage.
is standing on an elliptical talking.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the guy begins to workout on the machine and shows its function, while a man walks back and forth into the room from the side door of the gym.
is belly tied to a hook.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
stops playing and begins drumming on the car while looking back at the camera.
puts his arm behind his back.
continues to play and ends by gesturing and smiling.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
is shoveling snow from the side and down the sidewalk.
wipes some car cleaner on the driver's side door and polishes it.
explains the importance of a still to show a product of the same kind of grooming.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
, the woman throws a small ball and they catch it and continue playing.
lifts the barbell continuously with one hand upwards placed on his shoulders.
lifts the barbell above his head.
cleans the christmas tree, he picks up supplies, and makes sure the machine is running.
is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
appears and words appear on the screen that say " jackpot eels ".
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
then lifts the weights over her head.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
points all around him and starts hitting the object from various angles.
continues shooting hoops with the ball while speaking to the camera.
are shown on what appears to be a ski lift.
walks along a track with a helmet on.
looks up at the camera and the camera holds its eye open.
looks into the camera.
stares blankly at it.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
fish with long poles in the water.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
lay on a towel and dry them with the wet wipes.
then scrapes the blade over a rock and shows how to properly wrap it around his leg.
reels the fish in and hugs it before walking away.
falls over and stands up.
begin a race during a crowded track.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
are interviewed on the docks.
girls serve a sandwich, then, the two girl and one put sheet cake on the table.
are shown mixing the bowl in turn.
shapes the mix from the bowl into lumps and places them on a baking sheet.
place the baking sheet in an oven.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
begin to scrape the top off the potatoes.
sit with a plate of baked cookies between them.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
are seen playing guitars and singing along while the man continues playing drums along with the song.
protect the man as he runs around the yard.
walks across the yard and opens the back door of the red riding lawnmower.
see the stone in the washer and dryer and the instructions are given.
are shown the polish and prep display.
are standing by recording and watching him as he kayaks through.
run down city streets and past numerous buildings.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake the leaves by hand.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
sprinkles some sugar on a parchment paper and rolls the dough in it and covers it before keeping it in the refrigerator.
, she slides it onto a metal tray and glues it down onto a plate.
removes the tube without cutting the dough.
are done, she removes them into the oven.
is bent over and has his two hands gripping onto a barbell with two very large weights on the ends of it.
stands back up to test how he can do this and lets his legs crouch both ways.
, the woman jumps the chair.
stands watching the woman.
sits and drinks from a cup.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
stops them to talk to them.
is injured but is shot and the bull tries to eat him.
storm opposite a bull.
tires the tire and then uses a tool to tighten the hole while continuing to speak to the camera.
shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
measures the liquid with the grinder.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes greens into the mug.
are shown on the counter top.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
plays a large keyboard, strumming on the keys and pausing intermittently.
goes far and the camera moves right.
in blue walks over and walks in front of the ball, serves it and walks the other way.
returns and the man in green serves the ball.
, the players stand as spectators, while the girls run and swim.
is sitting on a black stool and he is in between two microphones to record what is going on.
waves his arms for animation.
part as he passes an old buck.
starts fishing by fishing with his mouth, while the camera helps.
pull out a large fish and pose with it.
shoot a police shooting machine that walk past the camera.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding down a slide.
does a facing flip and lands in the sand.
holds a pink tube that she lights up to smoke.
dries her face on the towel.
, a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
are lined up and the right side of the screen is flashing a green light and a red light comes on.
begins playing a saxophone.
continue to push and kick the man's hands while other boys practice in the background.
sit and speak to the camera before showing more youtube videos.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
stand up sitting on the floor.
in a happiness blue shirt are the only judge wearing a white shirt.
spits on the floor.
holds a knife sharpener and rubs the knife up and down the sharpener.
shows a routine put to reggae music.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
stops the women stand up and begin to walk away while the man is still playing.
spits out alcohol and spits it back in.
stand on front the crowd.
are laughing because they are shaking hands.
drop into a pile on the mat.
pans the leaves over to another yard and catches him shoveling more and more leaves down.
is pushing tiles with a tool.
then throws the tiles down on top of the ceiling while continuing to work.
are marching on a stage.
fall off and people dance as they play along.
is measured and measured.
is siphoned from a container and solids.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
shines the metal handle of the metal polish brush on the shoe from the two round item placed on top of the chair.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
are removed from the center.
touches a doll's breast.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
holds the knife in his hand and a blue piercing outline of the knife is in the center wile the guy is sharpening it.
walks by from behind and gets a quick peek then keeps walking.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
continues individually performing and ends without showing how the intro intro came to be.
turns around on the floor.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
stands face to face and speaks through his hands before kneeling.
presents the fish to the camera as well as speak to the camera and continue to grab and hold up fish.
continues speaking to the camera while holding the stick and continuing to demonstrate.
man is moving features in the ground that he uses to place the shingles and wood board on top of the roof top.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
do several stunts and tricks while catching the frisbees.
moves her hands around while holding onto the lens and leads into her demonstrating how to put one in your eye.
pours liquid over her hair and pushes so hard it causes a pink head and the hair sticks then curls back in again.
irons the edge of the rollers for her hair.
pushes a child down the track while people watch on the sidelines.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
on a weightlifting bar does a short jump.
falls down with two others cheering as he continues to jump on the track.
of scenes spread over the video because once again the man is shown jumping high and clearing the jump line with the result that he scored twice and successfully for a goal too.
is behind the girl and they continue going down the hill.
are balloons attached to poles.
are cars's tires and license plates laid out for inspection.
run down the track toward the stage.
stands and claps for them.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
then pushes a scrub into a bowl and rubs it all over various areas.
continuously demonstrate how to properly perform soccer moves while the camera captures them from many angles.
falls off the camel and has the camel carry her.
zooms in on the women as the woman in the red jacket gives a thumbs up.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
shows more shots of the people cutting the grass and walk back to the camera.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
picks up a very big fish and holds it for the camera.
steps in and washes that bucket while still looking up and washing the bucket on his own and ends by speaking into a microphone.
then begins performing several cool along arm springs and repeating herself while looking off into the distance.
demonstrates how to play a guitar.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
demonstrates the proper way to play the instrument and the palms along with the foot placement.
starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
shows himself in the snow skiing down the snowy slopes.
shows kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
smiles while he's jumping through the air, grabs a pose and goes to the girls, flips and lands and then walks away.
kneels next to his car and shows cleaning products.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
rubs the wet area of the windshield then wipes it off with a sponge to remove the germ.
begin to stuff the truck with boxes of clothing, which are being thrown on to the ground before they start to wrestle the wrestlers with blankets and rope.
see the front of the building with flags and a memorial.
occurred but only able to land on his head multiple times.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is extremely easy, but does not last.
are throwing a frisbee for the dog.
, the person throws a bat on the ground and hits the pinata, then it flies through the air and land on the ground.
then lifts the weight over her head.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
appears and his twitter name handle appears on the bottom left while he's talking in a basketball court.
continues to talk and then walks back and fourth and demonstrates more mikan drills that involve using an electric drill to drill through a coconut in a board with a handle.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
sit by a building and watch friends skateboard.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
stops licking its right ear and just stares at the camera while the man is now licking its front paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
is done grooming itself and it just sits still.
are talking into the camera pointing place an their hands.
shows another container of wet wipes.
tapes down the rear portion of the shoe.
captures him from several angles while he sharpens the knife with complete concentration.
, the toddler covers the hole with snow.
throws the pole off into the field while others on the side watch.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see a person add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a man raise the ball to his mouth and bite.
stops in front of a house and picks up a large piece of wood.
are cooled, they are put into the oven and put onto a pan together.
are done, they are placed on the table and the two begin eating.
are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom.
demonstrates by demonstrating how to kneel on the floor then continue doing the workout.
begins to do it in repetition a few times before finishing up.
pans to show a group of children in a rough and tumble forest area.
wearing hats are helping the camel walk.
stands behind them relaxing.
explain a once again proper footdanced routine, on one knee.
start they reel it in and we see the coming song on the screen.
stops to shrug of her coat.
drops, paste, mayonnaise, lettuce and bread onto the lettuce and red tomato.
stands and claps her hands.
finishes and takes out her purse and pulls out a tissue.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
behind her stirs a pot of salad dressing.
shows the ingredients required for the drink.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
, she pours and each drink a glass of the liqueur.
then adds a few drops of sugar.
finishes grabbing the dog and putting the dog in his coat.
sets it against a house.
fills a plastic tub with clear liquid.
cuts tiles for a house to look clean.
shows the papers on the screen.
switches sides quickly, continuing to play the instrument.
falls onto the mat.
sits in front of a wall calendar.
continue chopping wood at the camp site.
hold out bowls and pans in to one another and point to one another.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before letting go to fetch another one.
knocks over leaves as the man falls on the ground.
does another lit with his weights while another man watches in the background.
gains force and is able to do the heavy lifting with help and experience.
shown trying to model the seat with a different size of handle.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, the woman has accidents while running and then she continues to jog.
shows her how to reach the finish line.
collects people in a room.
are shown speaking to the camera and others riding bulls around one another.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
moves around the counter the floor sweep the points near the stove.
mops the center of the kitchen floor.
continues talking as she plays the harmonica.
stops playing and smiles.
walls the room with smoke while moving his hands and speaking.
are swimming in the frozen lake.
fish up a large red hole while wearing protective tape over their mouths.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
cut up some malachite, which they trims up and likes.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
releases the fish swimming free in the large body of water.
adjusts the cone for the child.
wipes ice cream from the child's face.
hands the woman the brush and blow dryer.
sits on a chair and the man brushes the hair of the woman, the man uses a tool to grab hair and clips it on.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
turns back to the horse standing in the warm weather and he is commentating on what he's doing.
, the owner of the surfing is talking to the reporters about the event while demonstrating the swim jump technique he has learned from serving on numerous sporting events.
play and rotate between the two of them.
ends with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
then kneels down and fills a bucket with sand.
he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
zooms in on the cameraman and people hug and drive away.
moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole.
stands in the water, reels in the line, and lines up.
points at the camera and smiles.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
shows the team how to properly clean and lather their feet, washing them and rubbing them down.
's a door next to a pew behind him.
's a window behind them that has broken glass, so in the pews they stand together watching the man.
are kids behind them also playing their violin.
pans back to the man doctor sitting in a chair and further inputs appear.
continues to explain the various positions of the climbing tube as well as shooting it up high in the air.
finishes his match and runs a towel over his face.
puts the item in the glove box area and leans on the car.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
run around and throw the men into the group.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
then begins pointing side to side and panning around.
examines the instrument in his hand.
wipes it onto a towel.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
window leaves.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
sit at a table talking and laughing.
finish jumping and walk towards the judges.
then begins playing a clarinet, while holding the instrument, by moving her hand to the front not at all provoking the girl's advances.
dips into a mat high in the air and a man comes over and supports her as she dismounts.
finishes, the girl moves closer to the camera on her knees while holding a cylindrical object, and then straightens her legs out.
slides down he lifts his arm up and brings it down to reveal to be broken and covered in blood.
, the man makes it to the last slope before another man appears on his gloves and nobody notices.
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
and a man dressed in white run together in the racetrack.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
returns to face the camera and the man i just talked to begins doing some woman talk about gardening.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
seems to be talking to the camera when suddenly the dogs start fighting and punching each other.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
then shown up close performing several routines including flips and handsprings as well as flipping and falling forward onto the mat.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
stands in the balcony and hold the handgrips of the man.
is interviewing the man.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
walks out of the helmet and we see his face again.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
wraps an arm around a boy who looks like he is in pain.
drop the weight to the ground.
gesture at the camera.
are shown in their raft as they sail along the river.
are able to get out the water and sit on the raft.
starts from bottom to top of the leg and continues that motion.
looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
shown peeling it off as she lets out a moan and holding it up.
jumps in the air and mounts the bar.
then uses a scraper while the tile is being pulled away by a crane.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
shows examples that include carpet fibers, glue, fans and aluminum.
demonstrates some of the kinds of flooring used in the furniture makeover.
spits out the mouthwash on to a paper napkin.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
places a cloth on a branch as he cuts.
in the stands shuffle to the front of the court and stands over him.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
adds a liquid solution and a cherry in the solution and she gargles about three times and she puts the loaded shaker in the kitchen sink.
Intron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is demonstrating the use of the elliptical.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
continues explaining the mechanics and features, but the lady in the red shirt gets distracted for a little bit.
continues to show the viewers the correct way to exercising on the elliptical.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
then brings the canvas a closer look.
then takes a giant leap into the air and begins performing a gymnastic routine.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
says " hi martin ", along with " exclusive! ".
shows large red bumps over the kale, which is some lettuce and lettuce, it has several plastic cleansers in it, and there is gum over there on the counter, and then it goes back to the video for another animation.
listed number of freedoms where you can purchase a vehicle is shown.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
cookies then shows off the cookies in the oven and shows off the camera.
bowls the dough into balls and proceeds to hang them on the wall.
flashes out of the screen.
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, more people take off their clothing and do half jumps in the river.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
then lifts the bell over his head while remaining standing and and walks away.
are shown of kids swimming and lie down afterwards while the boy keeps in time with everyone inside the pool.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instruct.
is shown with a curling brush.
is talking to the camera making mouthpiece and taking the elliptical.
show up performing stunts.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
girl holds out food to the camera while several others go outside.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores a point across the screen.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
wave at spectators, front and back.
bend down and clean large puddles from the floor.
rub their faces together.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
push the trashcan next to them to celebrate.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a kitchen and a doctor.
falls across the other seat.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
is cutting the grass with a yellow, reusable light green plastic tool.
is trimming the lawn in a back and forth motion, moving the trimmer horizontally across the grass.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
of the car is cleaned the men put the back of the car in the back of the van could be seen in the garage.
is narrating the action.
is a bike parked next to the house.
manipulates the objects and applies plaster around the corners and vigorously pokes holes and mortar chips.
picks up the ball briefly.
congratulate the man and the man shakes his hand.
falls out of the net and the game ends.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
resumes playing the violin while the younger sister watches her.
show their leave after the sister speaks to the younger sister.
falls off of the rope on the side along the side.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
concentrates on tight intertubes and the bridge above their heads.
continues hitting the ball around while another walks in and jumps on his back.
then leaps into the air performing jumps and tricks on the large stage before tossing his arms in the air and cheering to the audience.
see the head of the rider.
stops to play all around and act really silly.
stands with arm extended as another man runs down the track.
also motion out towards the audience and a little girl runs by out of the camera frame.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
seem to recall their own memories of times they won medal and stare at their medals.
stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
begins hand drying her hair.
tapes the box, then lays it down gently on the table.
then ddle the woman while she records and showing off her hair style.
, the third time the person belongs is picked up and dropped off then he moves to another area to play again.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
start decorating the christmas tree by grabbing the lights and taping them around the christmas tree.
returns and sprays his hair to complete the haircut.
then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera.
pans around people playing and a pile of dirt.
are dancing slowly to a song.
continues to work on the first step by bending forward, and moving her feet.
continues when many close up do short stunts on hole slides in the street while the camera captures them from several angles.
falls off and another athlete steps up and plays with the men.
holds the arm of another girl who runs down the track while many watch on the sidelines.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
puts his cone in front of the camera.
is standing in front of a plate with four green beans on it.
are shown on the screen of a game.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point.
continues cleaning the baby and is shown smiling to the camera and waving.
bends down and picks up a large weight.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
finishes speaking and puts a yellow tarp over the baby.
os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
then wipes the face of the child with a towel.
shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening, he is shown laying on the floor and smiling.
then sharpens the knife.
, the preteen girls play pretend basketball.
performs batons in the air.
shows a bottle in her hand.
pours some of the lotion onto her hands and rubs it on her face.
split logs of wood into a triangle on the table.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
holds an orange ball with several other pins in it.
collapses on a mat.
zoom in on the man under the floor.
shows the screen on the machine.
then begins playing the harmonica throughout the entire song and ends by adding a bow.
appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
run around on the field.
transitions to a man and woman speaking about shoes.
then wets a cloth and scrubs the toothbrush on it.
finishes playing the harmonica more.
is holding the ladder to lift large object from the floor of the skate slide.
are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
falls river and is waving to the camera.
repeats this actions backwards with a height difference.
continues shaking the bar and ends by holding a pose in the end.
holes and touch the hole with the rod.
is holding the fishing line fishing out of there hole pulling romaine with it of course.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
watch on the sidelines.
holds the other man's other arm while the competitors continue fighting around each other.
starts working out on the belt.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
, appears on the screen and then the legend appears again, speaking to a woman in a bedroom and the world begins to ends.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are occasional camera flashes as the man in black is keeping score.
begins taking about more about the tennis serve and how to play effectively.
in white returns his serve and keeps it.
are sitting behind tables watching a game.
performs routine in front of spectators, two of them wearing white sweatsuits.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the weight up and down and pushes the weight side to side.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
demonstrates how to make ice cream on the outside and inside of an ice cream scoop.
shows a tiny blue chip for grabbing.
rearranges a garment.
see the box in person from a distance.
are receiving gifts from home.
hold up shots and begin shooting at a pinata.
