starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
swings and lands in her arms.
are then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.
stands on his hands and springs.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.
are then shown in closeups shooting a shot put.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
eventually brings it back into view and adds it to the smaller ones to make a small triangular shaped piece.
then takes the knife and sharpens it against the wood piece.
then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
then goes black and we see a black opening scene.
then throws the ball into the pool and begins running around with a sail in his hand while a group of men watch.
is then seen sitting alone as she eats a cold brown ice cream.
get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them.
dance and flip on stage while hanging their hats on the sides.
come down from their workout, they all stop to bow and applaud, then they continue dancing.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
runs from one side of the building to the other.
floats in a river.
gets up and walks away to the other room.
are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.
she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
and girl then begin working out.
shows how to hit the mom and then kiss his dad as well.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
then wipes its paw on its ear.
went to the target board and talked to the camera.
starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
is having a seizure and starts to hop all over the lawn as he walks around.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is on ocean and swimming in white water snapping his head.
see a tool on a table.
see a closing title screen.
continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
begin to wrap red bow around the plastic cups, put bows on the bottoms [start_various objects on the foam covers and belongings to the floor].
tries to rise but dikes instead.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
tells viewers about a dog grooming company, itv with a website.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
is standing using a white blower to blow snow.
hits a big weight in slow motion.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, a person polish the fingers, then the person puts a black polish.
started dancing, swirling, shaking their hips, rotating, their arms and hands are moving from side to side, in front.
presents the knife one last time while still speaking to the camera.
plays up front of a band with a harmonica.
sings with the band, twirling his violin as he walks.
are then shown of people riding on snowboards over mountains.
are then seen running down the road one at a time followed by many more following.
, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times.
, the gymnast put the star light on his hands and jumps high using strength.
is pushing a kress of water in a lake while instructing his boarder.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
watches him and listens to him playing.
takes out a wall show from his guitar.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
spins around to show the different angles of the board and shows pictures of the house in the end.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
finally reaches the surface.
then begins washing the other child and ends by copulating with him.
is hit one after the other, and the girl lets go her hold.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
continues to play violin while people pass by her.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
starts mixing the ingredients together.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
wets the garment and scrubs it with an cloth.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
crosses her arms in front of her and it's gone.
starts hitting objects on an item.
then clips the cat nails.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
becomes more involved in the ballet, she does a final dismount to bring her elbows down and her upper body straight.
is replayed in slow motion.
watches the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
puts up the camera.
again lifts the weight over his head.
holds behind him and the woman continues speaking.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
starts to get darker and darker as the large wave picks up and men continue to sail around it.
is shown inside while a machine is working.
starts with two small straps and it puts her into a squatting position with feet fully placed over her knee and her hands suspended and ready.
continues sliding the blade over the appliance.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
stands up from the chair and walks towards the stairs before finally leaving the room.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues going around the basket while the camera is sitting in the back.
holds up the bottle, then is shown using several different solutions that she lines up together on the counter.
looked behind him, then and continue walking to the pole.
raises the bar over his head followed by another.
finally lifts the weight over his head over his own head.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
then heat paint and paint more followed by smoke and zzing.
are seen outside again with one man speaking and dancing in the same spot.
swim in front of the camera.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see a fin enter the camera.
enter the camera. The camera is spinning wildly.
puts the products into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides.
watches the ball fall to the ground.
returns to the people riding the donkeys.
jab at each other with their swords.
watches on the side.
is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up.
does not have to go as far as he needed to to go as he is ready to go.
are seen drilling holes as well as swimming around in the water.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the male hits the violin just once, get the pitch.
line up and stand behind a dummy dummy.
is shown wearing skis as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.
attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
walks around the mopping area.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
bounces it and does several different things to hit it.
returns with a third serve.
is waxing a small black horse as rolls his croquet stick.
is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips.
is not running when he jumps into a sand pit.
is shown again multiple times.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man then paints the knife with the discs.
continue to blow a young boy walks into the scene clearing the path with his leaf blower.
films the men drinking beers through a can and eat.
, people are again singing, drinking and dancing outdoors.
is on the floating device and is swimming deep under the water, digging around with the pole, while spectators are standing nearby and he extends the fishing wire up to the hole he made before getting pulled under.
is then kneeling on the ice and the men fly up and fly as far as possible.
is a game going on called soccer being played.
then wipes his face.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men turn in the air, then they followed the bow paddlers.
are standing on a hill of snow.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
comes to a stop on a hill of snow.
then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
once again changes course and takes a break before continuing to talk to the camera.
started hitting the ball with his racket on his gloved hand.
is playing racket ball while talking to the camera.
finishes and gets up.
resumes playing the violin.
is strumming an electric guitar.
watches the harmonica.
of swimming are in the swimming pool watching him play the violin.
zooms in to the driver side wheel and mimics it.
appear and one stands next to the car and the other follows behind.
gets on the machine and starts riding it.
takes off on a bright course.
is standing on a rowing machine.
washes game is displayed.
, it is shown from behind.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown on the screen leads into a woman putting makeup on herself.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
stops at a jar of liquid in the sink.
continues talking about the machine while smoking a cigarette in front of the camera.
stops playing the violin and starts to sit up.
takes an earring into her nostril.
are made and put in.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
somebody else time.
eats with gusto while dancing and smiling to the camera.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
then open the hole with a rod and let the ice out into the ocean.
places the hook near the hole but the man grabs a fish on a string.
continue playing with one another in the water and join stand by to watch the game.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see a yellow screen and title screen.
finishes playing and sits back.
is riding on the road on its belly.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
under the belly's cycle begins to milk the tube from the bottle that is in her stomach and pans over to the man piercing her belly button.
starts to wash the clothes with both hands.
shows his face by grimacing due to the stiff air stream and looks in the mirror to change something for his face.
ends by miming drinking the water in the sink.
in black puts a medal medal around his neck.
runs and catches frisbee.
see an opening title screen.
gives us the dog and we see the ending title screen.
see the ground in a white screen.
continues to run around with his frisbee.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
continues until the entire yard is mown.
it says as follows.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frrt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear on the screen announcing it is time to start as the woman speaks again.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
makes a turn she goes up arm high and lands inside the field.
makes a shot with a black puck.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
head towards the ball.
are placed into a glass of liquid and cut along skin.
are began cutting smooth lines into the discs of the discs as they are placed into the bowl, the edges.
places lotion on the baby's hands and speak to the camera.
sled sides a lake of water on horses next to a bridge of boats.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people dancing with one another and once again the same shots are shown in slow motion.
then rides a bike down the hill and gets her hair dried.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
then puts the can down, twists the cap off and pours the alcohol into a cup in front of him.
then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall.
is needed and the woman get a drink from the kitchen.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
is in the middle of the parade playing a bicycle.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is standing in front of a car and is playing them from the bottom of his shoe watching the people driving the cars around.
are practicing how to hit a passing ball.
in a blue shirt watches him.
then fades to fade to a pitch black.
then puts her fingers onto the strings and with her other hand she touches and points on her fingers on the strings as well as taking the bow to her strings every now and then.
puts her hands on her head while talking for the camera and a few more well placed shots play.
stops talking and ends with a smile and the words " howcast original " appear on the white screen.
begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can.
then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic.
finally gets a space.
then puts makeup on the makeup artists face.
stands upright and wipes her face with her hands while smiling.
then begins tugging the slide on his little body while working his way back and fourth.
, most of them are shown without people watching them.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
put the seat on the bike.
goes through a ramp.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
places the wheelbarrow and supplies inside.
then cuts to the other side of the lawn as children play in the water.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel stops and the woman gets down from the camel.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
watches the ball around.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
start descending from the rock wall.
then shows the shoe again and puts it back on.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are standing and watching him.
gets to the bottom and takes her turn but then falls on the ground and ends on her head.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
start to play tennis as they attempt to catch the balls.
are a lot of people watching from the open loop stadium.
begins by playing the violin while the other performers dance in a choreographed fashion.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
lifts it out, then lowers it.
they slice it together and tie it around their hands.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
makes at least six attempts.
then pauses for a second to kiss the ground next to him.
are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
grabs the barbell, turns it around and hooks it up.
stands woman by a ball and sets it in place. Another woman appears and they wrap the ball in wrapping paper. they
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
falls and is caught by the crowd.
is over, the judge hands awards to the winners.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
then see a man do a high jump at 5'9 ".
then see the end title screens.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
turns to face right.
then fades to black.
starts running toward the ball, and it knocks him down on the ground.
take positions next to each other and prepare for a play, the teens jog around each other standing on the court and kicking the ball to each other in a gymnasium.
, a young fair is seated on a bench, while two teenagers grab the ball and throw the ball to the green side.
wearing a yellow t-shirt practice basketball on the other basketball goal.
, a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
continues to explain what he will be doing as eventually the video stops and ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
stops going back to him playing.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
skis all around part of the water road while people distract him.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
continuously spits water all along the dog while the dog sits still.
changes to him jumping again in the same spot.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
stands still while a conductor plays the main instrument.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
is shown again still in progress.
finish on the bikes again.
runs performing a long jump in a arena.
walks over to the spectator for a closer view.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
is then seen running in from the side.
then performs several more lifts on the bar.
lifts it up to his chest and looks to see how high it goes.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
then spit the water into the sink and looks at her teeth very close in the mirror before the scene fades out.
then fills the sponge and the boy rub them along his skin while the girl brushes it down.
then trims the horse's hind leg and then combs out the hair of the drink bottle, then goes back to combing out the hair of the horse.
the end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
remains on the bottom right area of the screen the whole time.
places the hands back into the dessert.
watches the child something from a purse.
then smokes some smoke while looking off wildly into the distance.
weighs and puts it back down.
stands by his table watching him.
is wearing a bikini with one leg tied behind her head and looking down at herself.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are in, he starts to run and do his first throw.
, the man continues playing both the guitar and the harmonica, then sing.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
is connected to a diver causing the piercing to go through her head.
are shown on a bar pouring down and then pouring in a rubik's cube.
watch the contestants perform.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is something about dogs that is contagious.
then gets in a fight with the dog being pushed out of the way.
is done with the dog she puts him down and questions him again.
takes a thoroughly wet dog and wets him with the water and rubs the fur all over.
is all dirty when he is done.
becomes enraged by the bath and runs towards the door.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
is done, he shows off a close up shot before throwing in a print and showing the finished product.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
are seen speaking back and fourth and continue to move around a racetrack.
also reappears underwater in a large room.
, the old man sits for awhile, and then continues sailing and stops when he talks.
hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
hit the ball on the other side and the team shots.
holds the weight bordering his sit position and runs on the distance.
then see her from the backs as she is getting ready with her hair down.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
tattoo on it is standing behind it.
then begins buffing its nails trying to clean.
is holyriding behind the man.
then continues to stare at the camera.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
in the green sweater begins to push her girl, swing, hit, and then let her down.
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
starts playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
rolls off and turns around on itself in slow motion.
is a dancing routine going on in the background.
have successfully moved their hands, they go back to their team drinking and exhaling while the crowd watches them.
is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
sits in front of a rolling skin treatment table showing several facial treatment bystanders.
hold up around a pile of discs mixed with sticks.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
try to balance far too far and he hits the dirt catching himself next to other guy.
is floating in the water.
disappears into the hole in the ice and the man comes out to apply for his fishing gear.
are two fish and one of them is focused on freezing and he waves at the fish.
one comes out and gets a fish and places it on the ice before getting a fish to crawl out afterwards.
opens her mouth and a drop of eat the ice cream all over her face.
spit something out of their mouths and continue to play.
are in a tunnel together, with various floral designs shown in larger picture.
is in a shop presenting shoe advice.
are people playing a sport on ice with frisbees.
are getting ready to start a race.
starts by making a right turn and taking an long trip and going in a small circle toward the landing point.
comes across the finish line.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
continue riding around on skateboards as well as following behind one another as well as people speaking to the camera.
shows off a series of leads on how he becomes a professional wrestler.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
alternate health issues and hairstyle on the show, providing some very detailed advice on what's to come.
are watching as he continues to play.
starts to struggle as he tries to get up, but they continue to soothe him with their hand movements.
hit the harmonica against the racket causing the player on the right to lose its tune.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
then throwing in the machine mix.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen, afterwards cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
go, they are shown playing some stringed instruments.
from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
, the streaker finish on time with the wave of his hand and walks off.
begins riding along the water on the board.
stands up and goes back to raking.
then moves the bags out of the yard and mows the lawn.
swirls the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she advertises in the news and they print its title and stuff.
stop spinning and poles except for the right and right girl.
goes first to the rope then he goes up again.
stops performing many tricks back and fourth.
falls into the water and recovers.
hit hoops each other as they walk.
are dragged back and forth as more videos are shown of the people having fun and running around the city fighting.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiled in water held by a crank.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
jumped over the pole and landed on the red mat.
is swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
stands and walks to the corner, threw money at the player who scores and the video starts again.
rides the wave all the way to shore.
comes behind him on a fishing pole.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
run together beside the rink.
images of athletes from different sports appear as a result as they jet f hand through elaborate stunts and techniques.
and hits a stride.
are on opposing sides of the court holding rackets.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
rinsing their face, they both dry their face off with a towel that is hanging down from the door and come back to the camera to show pure faces.
violently cleans the bowls using a towel, followed by water coloring them.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
are seated around a table watching from the sides.
watches the ball in the stands watching the game.
stand up and go back to their seats.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
continue playing and here's other team scores a goal.
stands on one leg.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins taking off a bike's handlebars and moving them around.
right is holding a camera while walking in the air.
then straps a loop of gold metal onto the handle of the knife and tightens it to cut the metal and leans forward to prepare the bend.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
puts it back and puts it down.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is seen on the side.
is using a blue pump to pump blood into his feet.
, she jumps, spins and flip making the splits while the man watches.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
then installs a new roof.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
then zooms in and can see the holes he just sprayed them with.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
jacks up the boot and then puts it back on the table.
then put the boat back on the road.
then jump down the side of a bridge.
, he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is motorinterviewing a person on the white wooden flooring as the camera watches.
then takes the racket, pulls the handle again and returns to the previous position in front of him only this time he takes another hit.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is shown playing a drum set.
are standing around a bowl picking up balls.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
shows and puts more contact lenses into her eyes.
is talking about her hairstyle.
are shown on cornatwo of racetrack high on sticks.
are lined up, racing to break people to get to the finish line.
see a tv showing shots of water and country scenes.
wets the table with white water and wets the cloth again.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
shows another pumpkin and puts wax on it then cleans it and puts more wax on it.
continues to surf and seems to have a great self control as he continues to do various jumps and tricks along the grass.
are shown, nighttime and day.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are standing in a race track running and making a long jump and the video shows a repetition.
starts hit by the ball.
then dance around one another all performing martial arts with one another.
continues to cheer in bursts while replayed in slow motion.
then begin shooting hoops and passing to one another.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
are unable to get up because of the large weight on their backs.
is rubbing the snow off of the sidewalk.
is shaking his hands in the sink.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
is running and with other people walking alongside it.
is running fast and the people behind keep up with his pace.
on the violin while the woman plays the violin.
begins playing the violin.
of players jumping from a boat into the sand are shown.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
is done, he stands on top of a mound of new green fluff and begins throwing the fluff to the ground as he takes his smoke holder and lights it.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
stands still, preparing for the cymbals.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
is about to mount a horse.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
is standing with a scythe and laying down his wood.
in the crowd are watching back on now.
puts a fishing pole into the ice.
pushes in the center fish.
look around and watch the man skate.
continues skating around on the skate boards.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
also runs with a javelin on his back on a sunny day.
is wearing a tank top underneath he has a racquetball racketball racket and a black background.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
gets caught in the frozen waters.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
seems to have more than one set of notes after the move and is very worked up about his performance.
puts his arm behind his back.
continues to play and looking off into the distance.
is shown riding down a snowy embankment. He is using snow skis to ski down a snow covered hill. he gets to the bottom of the hill, where he drops off his board.
is standing outside with a bag of wood from the garage and a lighter in a bag at his feet swinging around a woodpile.
is painting the inside windshield purple.
starts by filling in the receptacle with some tap water and closing the cap back on tight.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
he walks through a storm and into the dojo dojo fighting with the other man standing in the fourth circle.
lifts the barbell continuously with one hand upwards placed on his shoulders.
lifts the barbell over his head and drops it on the ground and hang there with one foot.
is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
appears and then starts moving, the drawings again.
talk about the repeat course for having a christmas party.
stands back up and continues pushing them around.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
points all around him and starts hitting the object from various angles.
straight across the basket with a forward momentum.
are shown while someone narrates the tricks.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
waves its front paw at the camera.
is feeding a dog something.
stares blankly at it.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
then try to kick and move through it.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
stand up and grab another and put it on the back.
then scrapes the blade over a rock and shows how to properly wrap it around his leg.
finally gets the fish up onto the ice and he sees that it is a really big catch.
vaults over a bar at the end.
begin a race during a crowded track.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
are in the water, trying to make floats.
watches a ball, then around the ball, having it made straight out from scratch.
then become the badminton team, competing in the javelin throw as the crowd cheers loudly.
continue mixing and 4 glasses come together with a bowl of cookie dough.
are shown once again in several more sitka footage.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
watches the clock.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
appear as the continues to play with one another and ends with the man embracing others.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
decides to turn off the red mower.
are then instructed and shown how to slide the knife on the stone.
are shown the polish and prep display.
are standing next to the strong waves.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man mows the lawn.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
rolls the dough around and makes a sandwich.
some more mix, she cuts out shapes to plated and lays out it in bowls and makes a small foil fit over them.
places the raw cookie on a cookie sheet and bakes them.
are done, she takes a plate and runs them in water.
is standing inside a garage with another man dressed like a drunk.
then rounds his legs and gains the momentum to pick the weight back up and begins continuing to dumbell it again, this time squatting farther.
, the woman mows the grass of the backyard.
stands watching the woman.
watches a ball in the air.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
stops them to talk to them.
helped him get away after he was gored in the neck.
storm opposite a bull.
is now riding the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
are floating on a dark blue body of water.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes greens into the mug.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
stands and walks back across the lawn.
goes out of bounds.
serves the ball again.
goes out of bounds again.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
is bouncing on the rope and then just falls onto the water.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
starts fishing by fishing with his mouth, while the camera helps.
are trying very hard not to get caught.
enter the town, when people went on ships to an area on the coast of typhoon.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are doing tricks on a skateboard.
does a 360 revolution in the air then lands on the mat.
runs after a fly as it tries to evade her.
puts makeup on her face.
, the perber machine wakes up and the black is seen and white is shown across the screen.
are shown in a buzzing tour.
is holding a gate open.
then kick him and hit him over the head.
continue jumping along with others in the background.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
are standing next to them watching.
in blue stand in a middle and lift one of the women over their heads to the floor.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
cuts along the sides and places the mix in the mixer.
shows a routine put to reggae music.
finally fade the cheerleaders enter the pit, make a pile and cheer continuously.
stops the group of winded ladies disbands from the formation.
then spits it out on to the floor in front of him.
stand on front the crowd.
give each other high fives.
are watching him in suits.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is removing shingles one by one with a tool.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is shown on stage, and a man is quickly playing a violin.
join in on song, hitting into one another with harmonicas and zings.
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is siphoned from a container and solids.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
sets the stool on the side of the chair to show the underside of the chair.
is then photographed in a decoder display.
are lit with a lighter as the flames catch the pine needles on fire.
brings out shoe polishing supplies.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
places the knife and the elongated sharpener on the counter top.
brings out a wooden chopping board.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
then moves around the ground doing swaying motions.
turns around on the floor.
does hop scotch while swinging and mainly kneeling.
then does some discus kickboxing.
then grab rocks and fish around in the ocean while people watch on the sides.
hits the ball around a yard.
man is moving features in the ground that he uses to place the shingles and wood board on top of the roof top.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
watch others on a field.
then starts putting a contact into her eye.
lets the rollers heat up and she puts them onto her hair.
irons the edge of the rollers for her hair.
then gets on the track and begins making a record.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
grabs an edge of a bar to stabilize himself when a wrestler slams into him.
is shown he gets up from his seat and shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of scenes spread over the video because once again the man is shown jumping high and clearing the jump line with the result that he scored twice and successfully for a goal too.
is seen looking off into the distance followed by more adults getting ready.
is a green vehicle that says go green on it.
is a man combing the hedge with an electric razor.
come out and perform a routine on the stage.
stands and claps for them.
is not a member of the specified category.
then gets down on his knee and begins washing dishes.
perform near one another continuously while one man falls and another hits him.
is riding, he has rope.
is showing the waters depths growing ever so gradually while cars pass by in front of.
continues placing materials all together and comes back to the camera.
continues sharpening the knife through the apples.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
grabs more other fish.
is seen cleaning the bucket and laying it on a table.
then begins performing several cool along arm springs and repeating herself while looking off into the distance.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
goes to another line where skiers are continuing to sled in the snow.
jumps again but this time at 5'10 high, he clears it, and once again it replays.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
rushes over and submerges his butt, while a tall one comes into frame and the curling man sliding on the roof comes to a stop.
is just walking his board as his excitement gets the better of him and signals the start of his jump.
then takes the hose and showcases it.
watches the world.
puts it under the tire of the car.
then begin to fight one after the other.
then see the play sequence of a play scene from a justin bieber video.
occurred but only able to land on his head multiple times.
returns, but the jump is pointless, he still has practice, and he has never done it.
is extremely easy, but does not last.
are hitting a red ball back and forth.
, it is girls hit a pinata.
then pushes off the bar.
are on coaster bikes going down a hill.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a fenced in vault area.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
rides bikes are played.
tell who will win and who will be left out of the championship.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks its left hand.
stops licking his left paw and finally falls into a pit of its own food on the ground.
is now standing on its front feet licking its right paw.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
put the fish in the hole and the lady might be able fix them.
shows another container of wet wipes.
shakes his foot with music and the camera follows the movements.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, a fish come out the hole.
then runs to the end and walks back to the starting point.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see the ending screen on a black background.
see a person score a point we then see the ending screen.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are full, they add on top of it a vegetable mix.
are done, both of the girls take a break and then finish their food and put it on the plate.
push their backs against a cliff.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
hits the bar with a hammer, then stop and shows the permit really for it.
zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder, taking deeper and deeper breaths.
on horses wait, then the man attached a camel to a grain cart.
stands behind them relaxing.
hit get into them and fall.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
stops to shrug of her coat.
puts more dressing on the salad.
stands and claps her hands.
takes a drink out of a bottle and sets it back on the cutting board.
is mixing salad into a sparkly glasses, and talking about the whole haircut business.
behind her stirs a pot of salad dressing.
shows the ingredients required for the drink.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
, she pours and each drink a glass of the liqueur.
then adds a few drops of sugar.
then pets the dog and lights a flame to add some heat and leads back into the dog being tv interviewed and shown off again until it goes back to the other arm wrestling event.
goes into an emergency room.
does stunts while riding a harmonica.
goes through a stack of papers.
is then night time again.
switches sides quickly, continuing to play the instrument.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
reels in a jack o lantern.
finish building a tent on the ground.
continue hitting the ball back and fourth while the camera focuses on one game.
lifts up a weight that is heavier than the last one.
watches him with a pan in a living room while he speaks.
then seen spinning around multiple times while a crowd watches on.
then lifts himself up over the bar several times.
stands up on his pedals, speeds off, and lands with his feet on the ground.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, on the past for the past 30 years, a man is shown talking 8 different times.
talks standing in a car.
raise her arms when cross the finish line.
are then seen diving into the water, hitting the bulls back and fourth as well as playing a game of volleyball and cheering along.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
comes back and starts mopping in the kitchen.
returns and mops on the counter.
then pierces the girl's ear.
stops playing and smiles.
continues smoking with his mouth open and leads into him getting up and speaking to another man as well as smoking cigarettes in a conga line.
fill their gear on sith an get ready to catch the fish.
come out to fish from the ice, looking back as they go down the mountain.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
feed the fish he just caught.
put into a box and go out partying.
walk up and around the track as well as climbing up a sheer rock face.
releases the fish swimming free in the large body of water.
puts the cone under the boy's nose then in his mouth.
watches the clock.
places "states " on the braid.
is now against the wall, while someone is drying her hair.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
now playing in arenas with horse bites.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
of scuba diving he talks and the forseti on the screen shows his location as the man takes time out sitting in a boat.
continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
setting up colorful markers in a field and riding horses.
then goes into large groups playing game of tug of war as a crowd watches.
goes into a puck fight.
stands in the water, reels in the line, and lines up.
pulls a rod out of the hole.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
stands up and spins her body, demonstrating some gymnastics moves.
is also another man wearing a blue shirt playing opera violin.
's a window behind them that has broken glass, so in the pews they stand together watching the man.
are kids behind them also playing their violin.
man pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
is occasionally shown playing tennis, then goes back to speaking to the group.
pretends to scour the windows.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
continues playing while turning red and then green lights begin flashing around and music begins to play.
watches his t-shirt.
then begins pointing side to side and panning around.
plays an accordian while swinging his feet and occasionally moving his hands.
holds up a hookah and lights it with a lighter.
opens the violin case.
plays the violin down near the floor.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
is using tools as he works.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
speak their hot eights while the bald man talks for a bit.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
stop hop roping and relax.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
circles a couple times several more times, there is still no sign of her ending her gardingaing.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
, he goes to fast and ends up flipping over into a pile of snow.
swishes it around in her mouth and spits it out into a sink.
wearing a black jacket lines up at the center of a sea filled crowd in the starting line waiting for the starting line.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
then takes his rake and moves the dirt back and forth around the house evening it out.
completed, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
is performing with the dogs, catching frisbees and catching frisbees.
then begins running down the track on the rod while the audience cheers him on and applause when he's finished.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
finally signs an order and raises his glass.
is standing ide the swimmer in the pool and the both do up the rubik's cubes.
invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
continue to mix ingredients together in pots and pans and finally eat all the food on the table.
does his stroke over 6'4 " and fades and we see the side screen again.
stands up and walks into a blondness salon while other people sit at a salon chair.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
lower the weights over their heads again.
meets in a field and then in a ring with other people.
sail along in the water moving side to side.
are shown taking a break in the river.
is then shown shaving her tattoo and applying the cream or just relaxing.
gets on front a woman.
is shown peeling it off as she lets out a moan and holding it up.
jumps from the trampoline onto a mattress and begins moving around in a circular motion towards the end.
then moves the vent that is on the floor next to the tile.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
points to all of the materials the furniture is made from while holding a bowflex gun.
discusses to other persons about the rafting experience.
spits out the mouthwash on to a paper napkin.
see a closing screen.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
swings the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weed.
in the stands shuffle to the front of the court and stands over him.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
grinds it and adds salt and baking soda.
adds a quarter ounce of Jack daniels and she shakes it and then she pours a garnish into the shaker, then she adds a drop of jack from the shaker to it and glides it right on to the opposite rim.
Intron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is talking about the benefits of being self sufficient for exercise.
continues talking about the benefits of her elliptical.
appears, lying down on the elliptical and explains how the switch works and in the end ends with the key being shown dropped on the screen.
now begins to communicate with others and then still more women are shown engaging in female workout.
appears again and the video is shown again.
pans around the girls playing with one another while juggling balls and leads into one catching a puck and shaking hands.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
then brings the canvas a closer look.
places his hands on the bar continuing to perform several tricks.
then puts it on his arm.
opens it again and puts something else into the middle of it.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
now is 3 pm and while the men are still brushing, one of them is getting interviews and what the man is wearing is funny and is even more funny.
is then shown to get more information on this topic.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
cookies then shows off the cookies in the oven and shows off the camera.
bowls the dough into balls and proceeds to hang them on the wall.
then does it again for one last time.
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, a woman is standing next to an ocean and the man and woman water ski.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
then rolls out the excess weight over his shoulder portion and let it hit the ground before jogging across the gym in a sprint.
holds the bell high before resting it on his chest.
are shown of kids swimming and leads into a girl grabbing objects under water and swimming with another.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
is shown on the screen.
is holding a person playing an acoustic guitar.
show up performing stunts.
start doing front is to the goal taking hits in the game.
woman begins spreading jam in the pan and speaking to the girls.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores a point across the screen.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
wave at spectators, front and back.
start to talk on the table.
take another drink and dump it out in the sink.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
then get their camel whistles ready.
interviews several runners and ends with her leading a world cup.
see a boy rollerblading.
is on the ground doing tricks.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
is trimming the lawn in a back and forth motion, moving the trimmer horizontally across the grass.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
is lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
is narrating the action.
is a fire going around the yard on the back yard.
then begins carving the wall along with a large metal ring attached to it and showing a close up of another wall in the same exact spot.
wins and the crowd cheers.
are mopped down with a towel before the scene fades with another male in the game.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
begins singing while playing the violins as the girl behind her starts to dance.
begins playing the violin while the younger sister watches her.
begin to play the violin together.
falls off of the rope on the side along the side.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
then rides together floating through a tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots.
springs back into the air and lands a high jump into another mans arms in slow motion while the audience claps and the man stands and walks away.
see people start when the gate opens.
stops to play all around and act really silly.
stands with arm extended as another man runs down the track.
also motion out towards the audience and a little girl runs by out of the camera frame.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
seem to recall their own memories of times they won medal and stare at their medals.
stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
strikes a match on the ground, lighting it.
puts icing on the top, then seals it.
then strike off balls as well as speaking to one another and wrapping up the interviews.
, the second set of lean singers is played and the crowd is now louder than when before.
talks into a microphone.
again, the instructor then comes and discusses the topics before the class.
then put their sneakers on and get on the santa outfit.
takes it in turn from the boy and the man enjoys it and walks off.
then stands on his hands and begins rubing his body into various positions.
then goes into a house and shows another man getting down on dirt.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
then stands and begins running with the rope and one chases after him.
flips several times before finally throwing the javelin into the air.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
parking his car, goes back the other direction.
is shown eating ice cream.
are shown on the screen at the end.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
holds a training staff in his hand.
turns over the bar and lands on her back.
is seen with a young girl as she speaks.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
continue talking and putnam the kids are getting ready one by one to run to the goal.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
is now seen staring into the camera and the lady who did the washing continues laughing when the kids continue to wash their hands.
gets onto an elliptical and starts sharpening it.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening, he is shown laying on the floor and smiling.
then sharpens the knife.
, the preteen girls play pretend basketball.
goes back and forth on the floor.
shows a bottle in her hand.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
lifts a ball up into the air.
in a blue shirt claps.
see title screens with instructions.
shows the screen on the machine.
then begins playing several songs while pausing in between.
tells viewers how her team is running and she hugs a cheerleader for showing her final moments.
run around on the field.
transitions to shots of the two women dancing in front of a crowd.
then wets a cloth and scrubs the toothbrush on it.
begins to play the harmonica more.
is in a rink skateboarding on a hill while another boy watches him.
are doing canoeing in the clear lake and are closing the distance.
is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her.
hits the weights up and down on the bar while the camera captures him from several angles.
does this again while people watch on the sides.
and checks the fishing line to see if he caught nay fish.
then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
watch on the sidelines.
is then shown put down and the third man succeeds in the match.
starts working out on the bike.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
are standing in a tennis court near the net.
opens the accordion, inserts a blue string into the racket and begins to play.
is a blue board behind the blaez net.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
goes back and forth between the two balls as the crowd claps and the man in black takes his bell and lets fly until he hits the ball.
are sitting behind tables watching a game.
approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
happily watches his ice cream being prepared.
then appears playing bongos with the others across the table.
rearranges a garment.
see the box in person from a distance.
then put two bottles in a bag and tie it.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
