starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
swings and lands in her arms.
are driving the canoe, they go down the river flowing side to side.
gets in a mat.
turns his body around on the mat.
starts doing spins.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
look in the cameraman's eye and smile.
takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone.
starts to party with them and throw the pieces by hand while they celebrate.
walks towards the camera.
then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
then starts to get up from the chair and begins walking towards the camera.
sits and hugs another man and also adjustments his camera.
shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play.
demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
stands up and grabs her purse, continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
dance and flip on stage while hanging their hats on the sides.
are finished, they jump up and down happily and walk off the stage, exhausted.
travels with his knife under the table and uses it also in his shoe.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member stands looking into the hut and then handing people photographs.
plays the bagpipe and smiles and laughs as he enjoys the hospitality.
are shown and she misses a little bit of her swing.
she is shown making multiple moans and sprays some kind of liquid down her face before hanging up.
lose their shirt during the fight and run back the others.
shows some shaving cream on the boy who is scrubbing her brushes.
helps his younger sister brush his teeth.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.
played paper if and shoot the arrows to hit the target, then he hang from the board with his Bow and Arrow.
starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
comes outside and takes an closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see the person holding face wash then putting it on their face.
see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
begin to wrap red bow around the plastic cups, put bows on the bottoms _start_various objects on the foam covers and belongings to the floor.
rush walks up in front of the boys, removes a small piece of paper from the bottom of the table, puts a hand on the machine and wrestles with buttons, turns the machine off and pushes a button inside to turn the game back on.
gets up together and poses with their vests to celebrate.
speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
hold the child and eats the ice cream, after the woman is giving baby ice cream to the child.
hits a big weight in slow motion.
starts at their butt rise, combing out the hair with a brush from a red.
, the person removes the heel heel from the shoe and polish.
started dancing, swirling, shaking their hips, rotating, their arms and hands are moving from side to side, in front.
presents the knife one last time while still speaking to the camera.
plays harp and flute while two other people play instruments next to him.
plays his guitar while moving his body around in front of the band.
are shown of people riding up a mountain on skis while being pulled down by a rope.
march around the room wearing funny hats, hats, and shoes.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast stand on his hand and jumps to land on the floor, while people applaud.
, in the middle of a lake, is skiing.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
finishes playing and remains seated.
goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass.
finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
spins with his fishing pole in the air.
more fish and throws them to the side.
walks out of the bathroom laughing to the camera and the girl stands up to rinse her face off.
is lifted and the boy begins swinging at the object.
pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him.
finishes and walks off, leaving the violin lying on the ground.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
finishes mixing the ingredients together.
shows off various tapers while swinging at the pinata and throwing them out to the crowd.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
shows how to iron a sock correctly.
quickly picks up and irons, flames dancing over the clothing.
starts hitting objects on an item.
puts the cat down and boxes it with paper.
sits back down on the chair.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head, catches it and does a gallop.
is shown several times and ends by showcasing her back to the both the camera and a final focus of her performance.
cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
follows the couple kayaking behind the group on the trail moving back and fourth on the murky water in the forest.
starts to get darker and darker as the large wave picks up and men continue to sail around it.
stretches in front of it.
shows how to harness and strap your weight on properly and she moves away from the mounting as she reaches for her left knee.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
stands up from the chair and walks towards the stairs before finally leaving the room.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
pulls the ball up on the court while still speaking to the camera.
kneels down on a mat while holds up an aerosol can.
perform his exhibition on the poles, he stand on his arms while his feet and legs are extended straight up in the air, he turns around, swirl, jumped and twist around then jumped on the mat, standing straight.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
turns his back towards the camera and continues talking to the camera adding more weight along with more weight on the end.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
use firearms and films to shoot at a target while the owner smiles in the end.
jump and skydive into the water at various speeds, tossing each other around.
push the cups of at the sea floor and the sea floor begins to rise.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see the man turn off the camera.
walks into the camera frame.
wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
group of players are shown riding horses by goalie during a competition without nets strapped around them.
pans between the playing couples.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
approaches, instructing them.
is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up.
begins to lose balance and falls off of his board while the man in the front is still standing up.
sit by the holes and continue to pull out fish.
jumps up and down grabbing her socks rubbing on the dog from time to time.
, the young man stands up to demonstrate how to play, after he plays in stairs.
line up and stand behind a dummy dummy.
is shown wearing skis as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.
is mopping a floor while blindfolded.
puts his foot down and walks away.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
continues bouncing the yellow haired ball back and forth while looking out over the court passing the ball to one of the players.
bounces again and hits the net multiple times.
is playing a harmonica as arrows point to numbers above him.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown in distress and talking to the camera.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man measures the sharpener and cut the discs on its knife, then sews the discs and carve them.
fall, a large dog wearing a blue cape covers his face.
talks on front a microphone and people continue singing and showing beer.
, people are again singing, drinking and dancing outdoors.
pulls the pole and wire up higher and the man kneeling on the ice pulls the fish out of the ice water and puts it onto the ice.
lays out the fish on the ice while the audience can't make out a face from their turn.
is a man in a blue suit standing in front of them with a thick rope around his neck.
gets up and walks towards the camera.
a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men sail on the river until arrive to the bank of the river.
are shoveling snow from the foot of the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
stop at the bottom and talk.
explains about techniques to correct your back and legs rotation on the course and game.
shows how to put a hole in a wall using a drill.
walked along a beach, talking with people, trying to court a ball.
fell on the ground, the man put the ball down, pull the ball and set it on the ground, he ball fell, but remain upright.
finishes and gets up.
resumes playing the violin.
runs up and grabs the guitar, then begins strumming.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
zooms in to the driver side wheel and mimics it.
appear and one stands next to the car and the other follows behind.
engages in some form of mount.
is flying in the air waving to the camera.
rinses his face with water from the body of water.
washes persons hands and wipes them with a blue cloth.
, it is shown from behind.
is shown and a young female is sucking on a cigarette.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
sits down to continue talking to the woman.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
are shown inside a case onto her nose, inside and outside.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
eats with gusto while dancing and smiling to the camera.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
continue to pull the string while the man beside him grabs a hook.
flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up.
dive backward into the pool causing it to crest and swim to the edge of the pool.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see a title and the man appears, shirtless.
see a man flip and throw the ball.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
lands on the road where construction workers are spraying it down, and a boy with sunglasses runs towards the skateboard like a robot.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
laughs at the camera while holding a can of herself and the man.
shows several different ways to clean a sink during a wash and is seen staring into the camera.
shows his face by grimacing due to the stiff air stream and looks in the mirror to change something for his face.
grabs fabric to dry the clothes and shows how they fit him comfortably.
motions for someone in a suit to come and gray their hair.
runs in circles where the dog is his mate.
see a guy hold a blue frisbee in the air and tell that the dog has a pink frisbee and we see its pink feet.
throws the frisbee and a dog catches it.
see the ground in a white screen.
is then shown jumping again and we see the men giving each other high fives.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
moves back and fourth doing several other tasks while looking to the camera.
flash across the screen along with a logo and a banner with foreign language written on it.
is sitting in front of a small sketched machine that is beginning to cook something and holds an egg over it that she adds onto the plate.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
reaches the end, she slows down and goes through the washer and dryer area that is lined up before she pulls a spare tire off of the trunk of the car and puts the tire back on.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
are outside, working out as they of the group of swimmers.
are shown inside a black gym swimming.
is scraped away and then covered with a paper.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
places lotion on the baby's hands and speak to the camera.
sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people dancing with one another and once again the same shots are shown in slow motion.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
holds up the can with the hole facing upwards.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns and walks away from the camera while still smiling.
lays the wall paper down while she is still looking beautiful and then she is shown and she is getting into the shower being sprayed with a lemon.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
slides down, showing to the camera the seeping hole that the hole in the floor has made.
are shown and the goalie standing on his side.
cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is standing in front of a car and is playing them from the bottom of his shoe watching the people driving the cars around.
and a woman stand on the basketball court facing the court, and the video narrates the mid-day drills.
begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
fades to black as two men with referees run into the classroom and he shows pictures of the men who are teaching them.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
then points to the drumsticks as the camera-the woman stands up and runs into the camera and shows off the correct chords of the bow and also positions her hands on the strings in front of her.
stops talking and ends with a smile and the words " howcast original " appear on the white screen.
gently glides the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic.
wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
products her face again and shows us a photo.
climbs all the way down and plays with climbing equipment.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
clamp a strap on the bike and let it sit around a dusty bike rack.
bike gets down on one knee, the people then fasten the seat with safety bars.
starts and the people are creating a frame on it.
is displaying a keyboard and some instrument notes.
continues, making faces as he goes.
picks up several bags of flowers on top of the flower bed.
pans around to show the others performing sort of for the camera, including one woman standing upright in front of a bush.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
begins painting grass into the painting slowly down the picture.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
skis as people gather and leave on a pier.
leans away from the camera.
is skating in the rink and doing tricks sitting.
start descending from the rock wall.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are shown waving to the runners as well as more shots of people running past characters and going through the finish line and celebrating.
are standing and watching him.
climbs along backwards on the rails and we see her jump straight off of the side of the chalk.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
are showing all the steps in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point.
is a picture shown on the image of bnp stadium giving an illustration.
sings her song right into the microphone followed by dancing gracefully and holding her body up and facing the audience as she finishes.
dances as she plays the instrument along with five other dancers.
join her as she continues playing to both the camera and the audience.
, the man bend over backwards, and spin making b-shaped circles in the dust.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
they turn the mower upside down.
pick up another tree back behind them.
then snowboards down the mountain as people watch and applaud.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the boy riding around on the equipment as well as sit on the floor and play pool.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
finish wrapping and taping the ball.
's a young man dressed in black who is sitting in a cart talking explaining about croquet.
falls and is caught by the crowd.
a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
falls and is briefly submerged.
see a crowd of people on aerobics class.
then see the end title screens.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
turns to face right.
displays the phone number of the man with the camera.
starts running toward the ball, and it knocks him down on the ground.
take positions next to each other and prepare for a play, the teens jog around each other standing on the court and kicking the ball to each other in a gymnasium.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
wearing black santa claus suit give the ball to one of the young teens who take it, while his mother pushes the round ball to the other direction.
a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
jumps at the end and runs towards a beam with arms up before jumping up and down.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
briefly shows off the violin and the different ways you can do it.
begins to play different notes on the violin as he moves his fingers.
transitions into him laying in bed as he plays.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
skis all around part of the water road while people distract him.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
shows off her rag and blow dryer while the dog mops the area around her.
appears to its red and green color, which brings the man back on the field.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
exercises and focuses on her rhythm, she jumps and flips around the mat a few times before unstrapping.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
continue to move their arms or legs around.
ends and the people run straight into each other.
finish on the bikes again.
smiles and goes in front of the camera.
works out and lifts a bar in the air with weights.
lifts the weight up to his chest and jumps back down to grab it off the ground.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat.
bends down and works his way up with great effort, finally lifting the barbell over his head.
pops a silicone in her mouth and a piercing appears followed by her face's face.
finishes and reaches for her mouth in the sink.
reaches behind his head and moves his back while smiling.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area.
appears and the couple horses are shown individually, in different amounts, in different locations, and then slides down to the bottom on the table where a sign informs viewers how they should get on the horse to prepare for a ride in the saddle and the camera shakes in disbelief and disbelief.
places the hands back into the dessert.
hands the child something from a purse.
continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
walks up and sits down next to him.
sits on a behind wood chair with her legs curled up underneath her.
places lipstick on her lips and smears it on her cheek.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are in his bags, he secures it with his straps and begins jumping up and down.
, the man finish playing and leaves, then he leave with his face in between his hands.
continues to play the instrument while moving her leg up and down and the people clap for her on the side.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
piercing drill is in her lip and she is getting a piercing.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
are standing on the tight rope watching the jake and waiting.
's a boy on the end of the rope getting attached to a higher rope.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is wet dog on a table next to her.
walks the dog out the front door.
is done with the dog she puts him down and questions him again.
hugs gord and kisses him.
is all dirty when he is done.
is doing tricks in the bath tub behind the dog.
removed the plate and raised the barbel, while people standing next to him held the barbel heads.
is on top of mountain looking down because is makes snow self uses soap too wash to get the cream off.
's done, he shows off a close up shot before throwing in a print and showing the finished product.
is singing to the camera of a big metal piece.
continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
work around him in various angles and ends with their closing poses.
is seen speaking to the camera in slow motion while standing on top of a ping pong table.
, the old man sits for awhile, and then continues sailing and stops when he talks.
dives into the water.
are bouncing and playing for fun while jumping up and down in the sand with their sticks.
holds the weight bordering his sit position and runs on the distance.
see a man shaving her cheek.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
appears and wipes the cat's back with a red cloth.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
then continues to stare at the camera.
taps the ball against the wall.
climbs onto the back of a man.
paints a set of solo cups around with a rag while a dog watches on.
begin walking on the bridge again and the sexy figure moves the cups on table, while more persons switch places, and they all move their cups around, intermittently, with the woman in the middle.
struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
follows one man to the ground, but is blocked by a garbage can and one man surrounds him with objects.
is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate.
get to the middle they begin to fold violently and together.
lifts the side tire of the mower, and then rolls it onto the grass.
sits in front of a rolling skin treatment table showing several facial treatment bystanders.
wearing a flip flops jumps over a pole many times and lands with both feet placed, but recovers and runs and jumps over the pole again.
knocked the pole down when he tried to hump over it.
jumps over the pole but does not get over it.
holds onto a rope as they ski down the mountain.
gets on his hands and knees to dig the hole.
are two fish and one of them is focused on freezing and he waves at the fish.
they are all in the pond on fish cage hooks doing tricks.
falls below the surface of the water.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.
are beverages in a rainbow colored bowl, while a person drizzles oil down from a sieve.
are shown running back and fourth.
begins and the people begin racing on horses.
begins to cheer him on while the viewers smile.
spins a ball under the yellow cones.
continue to run around under the stage and close up of a man speaking and shows people playing a game.
begins by introducing a girl named jennifer, who is walking with her dad behind her.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
is also seen sitting on a bench speaking to a woman who begins to pass the pitcher back and fourth.
are seen speaking to the camera as well as running into the audience.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
hit the harmonica against the racket causing the player on the right to lose its tune.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
are more close up shots of knife sharpening tools and taking them off the counter and putting the squares in the pockets.
, the person wets the stones in water, then sharpens a knife on a sharpening stone and then on a knife sharpening tool.
paint the stones with hopscotch chalk, smooth out the coloring, then stick a persons face in the head of the stone, cut out the teeth of the stone, add coffee to the stone, and mix it with a sharpener.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
finish, someone drops an item, along with their name, at the end of the video.
from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
a large green group of people on a dirt bike appears, cut, ready and they all are waiting for the talking with a ripple of dirt in the ground.
begins performing various tricks in the water while moving their arms and legs around.
raises it up to his face.
kneels down and puts what he is raking on the ground.
swirls the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she adds a lot of shade of red and some yellow.
stop spinning and poles except for the right and right girl.
stands on a foosball table and throws his legs up in the air.
lands on his feet after the tricks.
wakes and pulls the sail back.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
run along side of the bull and cower on the sides.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
tubes are filled with limes and a plate of limes.
is added to the cup and more limes are squeezed in by hand.
carried the pole on his back while running.
is swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
is staring off into the distance looking sick as if he's hallucinating.
is standing under the pile of ice with some fish.
is pulling a large shark out of its hole in the ice.
are seen sharing their stories and experience about their jogging expedition in the mountains and their participation in the marathon races.
image, azog discus, with a fence bordering the screen.
while reading a newspaper.
are standing on top of the orange court practicing compete moves.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
hurls himself in the air and jumps over the raised pole backwards after which he lands on a thick red gym mat on the other side.
are laughing and joking with one another until they start to wash their face and clean it with green rags.
rinsing their face, they both dry their face off with a towel that is hanging down from the door and come back to the camera to show pure faces.
places a bowl of the lemons into the water and raise the lemon above the sink and then pours water coloring them.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
are seated around a table watching from the sides.
does flips in the air in the back yard of a house.
kneel back down and hold a pose.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
begin taking pictures into the camera while still holding the flag and ends with one runner stepping away from the crowd and running.
stands on one leg.
sits down on the toilet, proud of himself.
stands in front of a weight bar and counts down.
breasts is standing in a room talking.
slides the knife on the stone while pressing the knife with his fingers.
points and sits next to the knife down.
spits it out followed by another kid.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is shown in the background.
lifts his face up to the camera and holds up a black mat.
, the man performs his routine on the parallel bars.
is seen looking to the camera and portraying a person's face in the mirror.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of a two person band while others angle around them.
continues mopping the chair and throws it away.
dies down, a small piece of paper is shown.
clips the laces tightly and then bottoms the shoe up.
then sail the boat across a river.
climb across the rope.
, he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is bent on his knees and suddenly he jumps up to his feet, but keeps his knees bent while he squats low to the ground continuing to talk.
walked along the rocky beach and jump with the hands on his knees, jumped up in the air and also jump with the arms extended lost.
made the ice fishing point with his pole, ice fishing rod, paddle and fishing gear.
is wearing a summer wetsuit, attempting to solve a rubiks cube.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is talking about her hairstyle.
are behind the scenes.
are lined up, racing to break people to get to the finish line.
see a tv showing shots of water and country scenes.
tapes a picture of the man to the pumpkin and pokes holes in the picture.
ends the picture and reaches down to move the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
begins mowing the large green grass with the other camera man following close behind.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
line up, then run, racing each other to the finish line.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
wearing red t shirts are chasing the boy.
shows how to play the volleyball.
then begins performing a cheering routine with one another.
continues to cheer in bursts while replayed in slow motion.
track a ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
flip over and fall sitting in the snow.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
starts knee to knee with the woman on the front.
takes off on its side and the two women follow behind.
back and fourth while he dances to polka music in the end.
holds the bow back up to speak to the camera.
, aerial shots of the team's actions, and the players parking their cars.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
are sitting on chairs watching the performance of the man.
lifted the barbel up to his chest.
measuring and laying them out, various cuts of sharp wood appear on the table and he begins passing twigs to a file shelf along with fruit, carrots, apples, lemons, thyme, beautiful whipped cream to make jam.
jumps off of the pony and catches a running dog.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on a piece of equipment.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pulls a fish to the bottom of the hole.
picks up the fish in his hand.
ride around the sidewalk and push down at the bottom of the trash can while laughing to the camera.
skates down a set of stairs and off into the distance.
jumps onto the bar.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
is seated in a room on a grey floor by a small round table covered with lumberjack stuffed toys.
is the only one in the gym, there are two people standing behind him at the reception desk.
, the conversation from earlier comes back to him that it says to leave his cell number with people eventually, so he removes his phone from his ear.
is shown on the ice.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
stops playing and begins drumming on the car while looking back at the camera.
stands up and people come in and push him as they all march in place.
continues playing and looking off into the distance.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
is shoveling snow from the side and down the sidewalk.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
is standing next to a saddle on a back porch with a white hose in hand.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
instead of swinging her bat, the woman swings on the man's head.
, she swings the bat at the pinata and she hits the candy out of there, then she takes the blindfold off and swings the bat again getting more candy out.
slowly lifts his weight doing squats on front a barbell and looking back down after he's done lifting it.
lifts the barbell over his head.
uses a hand squeegee to train the toy truck, and holds it extended for inspection until the toys are empty.
is done, the man begins wrapping and peeling the cake as the camera focuses on his movements some someone else is close to the kitchen counter which has a very pointed ceiling.
appears with his logo on the left, and all of his detailed information for his shop and contact information on the right.
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
lifts them up over her head and at times drops them down.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
points all around him and starts hitting the object from various angles.
continues shooting hoops with the ball while speaking to the camera.
are shown of skate boarding, ranging from riding by some sort of ladder, up from couches, and down from sinks.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
looks up at the camera and the camera holds its eye open.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
stares blankly at it.
jump off of a bridge onto a large rock.
fish with long poles in the water.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
stand up and grab another and put it on the back.
holds up a knife and continues to sharpen the blade.
fishes and catches small fish as well as many other fish before getting tired.
performs a long jump and receives his second point.
begin a race during a crowded track.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs at the camera at the end.
are interviewed on the docks.
girls serve a sandwich, then, the two girl and one put sheet cake on the table.
boys clap for them and a mixture of everything disappears.
shapes the mix from the bowl into lumps and places them on a baking sheet.
are shown once again in several more sitka footage.
sit in front of the oven licking their mixing spoons.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
grab a baking sheet and position it on the oven.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
are seen performing with him playing the drums and being interviewed by the scene.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
pushes the mower as far as it will go and jumps over it.
see a forearm showing and the word cutter under a black line.
see the shuttlecock in the image.
are standing by recording and watching him as he kayaks through.
run down city streets and past numerous buildings.
, the man slides on the sidewalk, then approaches the fallen leaves with a rake and collect them.
, the man rake the leaves by hand.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
sprinkles some sugar on a parchment paper and rolls the dough in it and covers it before keeping it in the refrigerator.
, she slides it onto a metal tray and glues it down onto a plate.
folds them in shape and makes the dough into a sling and a bowl with frosting.
are done, she removes them into the oven.
is skateboarding on a path in a secluded neighborhood at night and appears to be about to pass on his skateboard.
goes back to the bar, struggles to pick it up, holds it above his head and then throws it to the ground where it bounces very hard.
, the woman jumps the chair.
stands watching the woman.
sits and drinks from a cup.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
in a brown pine chair has his legs attached and other people in the studio are also attached to his legs having to walk on artificial legs.
on a red horse killed a bull and the bull ran after the matador.
lifted the loser and threw him on the ground.
is now riding the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
holds a lemon while pouring it into one of the large bowl.
adds the lemons to the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes greens into the mug.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
plays a large keyboard, strumming on the keys and pausing intermittently.
goes out of bounds.
in blue walks over and walks in front of the ball, serves it and walks the other way.
hits the rope and floats across the field.
, the players stand as spectators, while the girls run and swim.
also starts stomping on the congas with his feet and the rhythmic beat he made on the congas.
waves his arms for animation.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
is laying on the ground while leading a fishing song inside the bank.
pull out a large fish and pose with it.
shoot a police shooting machine that walk past the camera.
play are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
does a facing flip and lands in the sand.
holds a pink tube that she lights up to smoke.
reaches for her chin and makes a face.
, a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
are lined up and the right side of the screen is flashing a green light and a red light comes on.
begins playing a saxophone.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
sit and speak to the camera before showing more youtube videos.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
stand up sitting on the floor.
in blue stand in a middle and lift one of the women over their heads to the floor.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
holds a knife sharpener and rubs the knife up and down the sharpener.
come onto the screen and transitioned into a group of girls in fencing gear preparing to compete in their fight against flaming beasts.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
stops the women stand up and begin to walk away while the man is still playing.
then spits it out on to the floor in front of him.
stand on front the crowd.
place their camels in a pile on the ground.
drop into a pile on the mat.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is seen standing on a cane and putting on gear.
then throws the tiles down on top of the ceiling while continuing to work.
are marching on a stage.
are played as the focus remains on the violin.
is measured and measured.
is dispensed from a bottom drawer end glass.
rubs his hand on the wooden chair.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
shines the metal handle of the metal polish brush on the shoe from the two round item placed on top of the chair.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
are removed from the center.
shows a black boot sitting on a table with several items.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
places the knife and the elongated sharpener on the counter top.
finishes a knife.
begins and the girls do their routine of dancing, jumping, making different line formations and baton twirling as the crowd cheers them on.
finishes their routine and the instructor throws their sticks down in the sand.
turns around on the floor.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
stands face to face and speaks through his hands before kneeling.
presents the fish to the camera as well as speak to the camera and continue to grab and hold up fish.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are now falling off the roof and they're in a big pile like logs.
appears same exact as the first shingle, it looks different this time but it appears to be a different shape.
fall to get the frisbee.
moves her hands around while holding onto the lens and leads into her demonstrating how to put one in your eye.
applies her hair directly to the nape of her neck to away from the rollers.
irons the edge of the rollers for her hair.
then jumps on top and begins running down the track.
ties up the pieces and pulls them down and hides them.
performs a long jump on a track and into a sandpit in front of judges and onlookers on the sidelines.
is shown he gets up from his seat and shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
in the middle runs up to the end of it and pulls it back.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
is a man combing the hedge with an electric razor.
run down the track toward the stage.
stands and claps for them.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
washes his hands and turns to face the camera.
continue to move around one another performing various high kicks and punches to one another and ends with them jumping down and bowing.
are waving and a man behind the camera is asking them to wave, look and say hi at the camera.
is showing the waters depths growing ever so gradually while cars pass by in front of.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
holds the top off the drill.
stands up and ties his fishing line to the end of the pole and tosses it to the far end of the lake.
is seen standing in front of a hose and dipping clothes underneath as well.
then begins performing several cool along arm springs and repeating herself while looking off into the distance.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
plays a song supporting the note that comes from the mic and then transitioning into a guitar solo from there upbeat music.
starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
records himself on a snowy slope, then he starts skiing down lemkes.
is shown kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
rises again and runs to the tree and jumps between the jump ropes and lands on a red border trampoline and does a flip.
then flips off of the bike, and lays in a crumpled heap on the ground.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
rubs the sponge in foam on the cars tires.
begin to stuff the truck with boxes of clothing, which are being thrown on to the ground before they start to wrestle the wrestlers with blankets and rope.
see the front of the building with flags and a memorial.
occurs but only able to land on his head multiple times.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is the most impressive, with the athlete clearing the bar again.
are hitting a red ball back and forth.
, the person throws a bat on the ground and hits the pinata, then it flies through the air and land on the ground.
then lifts the weight over her head.
run in the background behind the cart.
appears and his twitter name handle appears on the bottom left while he's talking in a basketball court.
continues talking, exercises, and demonstrating how to properly properly do his all distance but 11 hour stay wakeboarding on a playground that is attached to a mobile tree.
is finished, he runs back to congratulate his balls and congratulate the others.
sit by a building and watch friends skateboard.
tell who will win and who will be left out of the championship.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks its left paw.
stops licking its right ear and just stares at the camera while the man is now licking its front paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
catch a large fish and pull it out of the hole.
shows a bottle of powder then places it in his shoe.
tapes down the rear portion of the shoe.
captures him from several angles while he sharpens the knife with complete concentration.
, the colorful snow man is seen standing on the ice.
throws the pole off into the field while others on the side watch.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed while other people are interviewed.
see the ending screen on a black background.
see a man break-dance in the middle of the table and people laugh afterwards.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are in the oven, the two girls sit in front of the oven and watch the cookies bake.
are done, they are placed on the table and the two begin eating.
are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom.
sits down and demonstrates how to properly properly work out on a bench.
begins to do it in repetition a few times before finishing up.
turns and people around the stage can be seen talking to the camera.
on the camel are leading it while a man holding a microphone, also a man talks in the microphone and then runs behind the camels to continue leading the camel.
stands behind them relaxing.
gets down and began shoveling the snow and snow and holding up water.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
jaw to speak to the camera.
drops, paste, mayonnaise, lettuce and bread onto the lettuce and red tomato.
stands and claps her hands.
finishes and takes out her purse and pulls out a tissue.
is in lat salad dressing and speaking to the camera.
throws the salad towards the potted plant.
shows each scale of the cocktail by adding different colored liquids.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
, she pours and each drink a glass of the liqueur.
pours it into glass and adds down a third.
finishes grabbing the dog and putting the dog in his coat.
is pushing a lawn mower.
climbs a ladder and looks at a roof.
helps wet a roof using a piece of construction paper.
shows the papers on the screen.
lowers it from his mouth when he is done.
lifts them up over his head.
sits in front of a wall calendar.
kneel down holding up photos.
hold out bowls and pans in to one another and point to one another.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before letting go to fetch another one.
films him with a pan in a living room while he speaks.
is then seen spinning around multiple times while a crowd watches on.
throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
stands up on his pedals, speeds off, and lands with his feet on the ground.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
shows her how to reach the finish line.
collects people in a room.
are shown speaking to the camera and others riding bulls around one another.
sits down and scrubs his right leg with the mop again.
moves around the counter the floor sweep the points near the stove.
mops living room and hallway.
starts playing the guitar again.
puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced.
walls the room with smoke while moving his hands and speaking.
are swimming in the frozen lake.
come out to fish from the ice, looking back as they go down the mountain.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
cut up some malachite, which they trims up and likes.
sharpen the knife to slice the fish to prepare batter covered fried fish.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
can be seen swimming around and smiling to the camera.
puts the cone under the boy's nose then in his mouth.
eats the ice cream cone with his hand.
rubs the hair dryer on her hair.
sits on a chair and the man brushes the hair of the woman, the man uses a tool to grab hair and clips it on.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
turns back to the horse standing in the warm weather and he is commentating on what he's doing.
, the owner of the surfing is talking to the reporters about the event while demonstrating the swim jump technique he has learned from serving on numerous sporting events.
play and rotate between the two of them.
ends with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
goes back to layering the floor with cement.
of scuba diving he talks and the forseti on the screen shows his location as the man takes time out sitting in a boat.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
setting up colorful markers in a field and riding horses.
zooms in on the cameraman and people hug and drive away.
spins and throws a ball.
puts on his mouth piece and hooks a fish.
points at the camera and smiles.
pulls the fish out of the hole.
stands up and spins her body, demonstrating some gymnastics moves.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's a statue of jesus christ right behind them.
are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play.
pans right to show several people in the background who work in the shop.
continues to explain the various positions of the climbing tube as well as shooting it up high in the air.
then resumes speaking to the crowd and points off into the distance.
pretends to scour the windows.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
lifts his t-shirt above his head then he shows his elbow.
tries to run away and walks in circles.
examines the instrument in his hand.
holds up the violin to his chin and gets ready.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
plays the violin down near the floor.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.
are sitting in front of a woman doing a tutorial on stain removal techniques.
windows leaves.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
finish jumping and walk towards the judges.
starts spinning around in circles on her shoulders.
dips into a mat high in the air and a man comes over and supports her as she dismounts.
finishes, the girl moves closer to the camera on her knees while holding a cylindrical object, and then straightens her legs out and stops her bow.
skis, more men appear before he reappears by himself.
, the man makes it to the last slope before another man appears on his gloves and nobody notices.
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
wearing a helmet and hooded sweatshirt runs beside the other dirty or dirty bikers, followed by his younger body of sea-wort that hangs from trees from his chest.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
returns to face the camera and the man i just talked to begins doing some woman talk about gardening.
he is done, they return the two bags to the woman who is now tapping her foot and speaking to the camera.
seems to be talking to the camera when suddenly the dogs start fighting and punching each other.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
throws the pole in the air as his teammates run around to help him and he fails and falls down.
makes it to the other side of the strip, the person with the camera walks closer to him and starts to talk to them.
shows off them on a cocktail napkin.
is impressed siting by the pool and have her hands on her face.
is sitting thng a round table.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
runs back and upwards at 6'6'9 but then lands and returns to his feet.
laughs while trying to eat the ice cream.
licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue.
drop the weight to the ground.
gesture at the camera.
are shown in their raft as they sail along the river.
are shown in their raft as they sail along the river. they
starts from bottom to top of the leg and continues that motion.
looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
jumps from the trampoline onto a mattress and begins moving around in a circular motion towards the end.
puts the tile on a piece of paper.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
shows rustic, contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store.
shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
screws his mouth shut and spits it out.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
grabs a bag and kneels on the floor pointing to two pieces of wood.
in the stands shuffle to the front of the court and stands over him.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
grinds it and adds salt and baking soda.
adds a quarter ounce of jack danels and she shakes it and then she pours a garnish into the shaker, then she adds a drop of jack from the shaker to it and glides it right on to the opposite rim.
with a green forest is in front of fruit tree and a man is standing in a fence.
is standing in front of her, assists her with the help of her waist.
bend down and grabs the handle and begins working out fingers moving it around her body while talking.
appears, lying down on the elliptical and explains how the switch works and in the end ends with the key being shown dropped on the screen.
moves back and fourth while the machine explains how to removed the elliptical section.
is sitting in a chair watching the woman exercising on the elliptical machine.
zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup.
wraps the wall with yellow paper then cuts it with his ker tool.
uses his tools to rip off the excess paint, then runs his back up along the wall.
then throws a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
ties the end and folds it into double knots.
presents a mirror to the camera.
says " hi martin ", along with " exclusive! ".
shows large red bumps over the kale, which is some lettuce and lettuce, it has several plastic cleansers in it, and there is gum over there on the counter, and then it goes back to the video for another animation.
shows up with a picture of a man and a woman that are close up a better picture of a yogurt cup.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
cookies then shows off the cookies in the oven and shows off the camera.
slices the dough down the middle, then separates the pieces evenly, laying out the claymaking product.
comes back congratulating himself.
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, the boat slows down and the woman and man fall on the rock surface.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
holds the bell high before resting it on his chest.
are shown of kids swimming and lie down afterwards while the boy keeps in time with everyone inside the pool.
continues to play back and fourth on their basketball around the court.
is shown with a curling brush.
is talking to the camera making mouthpiece and taking the elliptical.
show up performing stunts.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
woman begins spreading jam in the pan and speaking to the girls.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores an point across the screen.
is doing a sit up on the floor by the women, he reaches for the woman.
wave at spectators, front and back.
bend down and clean large puddles from the floor.
rub their faces together.
pick up the towel and wipe their face.
push the trashcan next to them to celebrate.
interviews two twins while running and the news shows off other runners in the area.
see the kids riding down the street from a skater pov.
falls across the other seat.
is a man wearing white shirt and jungle gym shorts exercising on the green surface.
is cutting the grass with a yellow, reusable light green plastic tool.
is trimming the lawn in a back and forth motion, moving the trimmer horizontally across the grass.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
cover is lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
is narrating the action.
is a camera filming the little boy.
manipulates the objects and applies plaster around the corners and vigorously pokes holes and mortar chips.
pushs the billiard stick through the dirt and speaks to the man.
pick up the boy in celebration.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
continues talking then pans away to a dinosaur.
begins singing while playing the violins as the girl behind her starts to dance.
resumes playing the violin for laugh.
play the racket and this older sister starts posing for the camera.
sits in an inter tube at the top of a hill then rides down the slope laughing.
stops when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
concentrates on tight intertubes and the bridge above their heads.
continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots.
celebrates with other people and his same jump is shown several times in slow motion.
see an image of a man on a machine.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
jumps up exuberantly, celebrating as the crowd cheers.
hold each other and pretend to be pushing one another and laughing.
there is a boxer wearing white pants and standing in black boxing gloves standing then he swords with another boxer who very easily is his size.
seem to recall their own memories of times they won medal and stare at their medals.
stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
begins hand drying her hair.
tapes the box, then lays it down gently on the table.
critique her and she runs away happy and skipping out of the building.
, the third time the person belongs is picked up and dropped off then he moves to another area to play again.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
are pointing out the balls and the ornamens.
returns and sprays his hair to complete the haircut.
sits down near a table while speaking into the camera.
pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
falls off and another athlete steps up and plays with the men.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
puts his cone in front of the camera.
is standing in front of a plate with four green beans on it.
are shown on the screen at the end.
then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end.
walk through the marathon, taking pictures, congratulating each other after completing.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
holds a training staff in his hand.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is seen with a young girl as she speaks.
finishes speaking and puts a yellow tarp over the baby.
os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
is now seen staring into the camera and the lady who did the washing continues laughing when the kids continue to wash their hands.
begins to sharpen the knives in a razor l-shaped window.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening, he is shown laying on the floor and smiling.
sharpens the knife on a minnie mouse and puts it back in the sharpener and keeps sharpening and speaking to the camera.
, the boys remove their equipment, apply shirts to the foot of a bench positioned between two walls.
performs batons in the air.
shows a bottle in her hand.
holds a bottle of mouthwash and shakes it in her hand.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
zoom in on the man under the floor.
shows the screen on the machine.
then begins playing the instrument while moving his hands up and down over the strings, looking up at the camera and continuing playing.
appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
talk while demonstrating jumps and flips.
transitions to shots of the two women dancing in front of a crowd.
undoes the top button of his pants and looks confused.
finishes playing the harmonica and ends by laying down, laying in the bed with her eyes closed and resting her head on a pillow.
is holding the ladder to lift large object from the floor of the skate slide.
are doing canoeing in the clear lake and are closing the distance.
is falling river and is waving to the camera.
hits the weights up and down on the bar while the camera captures him from several angles.
continues lifting the weights over his head walking backwards.
holes and pulled a from a hole in ice and wiped it with a rag.
walks back to the hole to see if he caught anything but his hooks were nowhere near the hole.
then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
watch on the sidelines.
holds the other man's other arm while the competitors continue fighting around each other.
has a pair of weights sitting on the ground.
is talking to the camera while working out.
, appears on the screen and then the legend appears again, speaking to a woman in a bedroom and the world begins to ends.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are occasional camera flashes as the man in black is keeping score.
serves the ball to the opponent in white.
in gray tries more of the serve and fails every time.
are standing in front of the table watching.
jumps, flips and falls from the platform.
lifts the bar and is seen demonstrating how he performs, pausing on each bar to measure the weight.
looks behind him where a person is standing and then almost yells " urgh! " people look in front of them, shocked.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
happily watches his ice cream being prepared.
shows a tiny blue chip for grabbing.
rearranges a garment.
see the box in person from a distance.
fall from grace.
hold up shots and begin shooting at a pinata.
