is using wrap to wrap a pair of skis.
stands and lifts the weight over her head.
are driving the canoe, they go down the river flowing side to side.
finishes his body above the height of a pole.
gets up from the mat.
celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
are then shown in closeups shooting a shot put.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.
then uses a strip of sealing tape to seal the board and then smooths the bottom of the board.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
is acting crazy and attacking him while he is cooking.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
watching the boy and boy as they play a game of drums.
demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
pauses in the process of eating to enjoy her food.
take turns jumping on each other like they are performing karate.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
is animated as he does the task.
enjoys eating the desert together.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.
, she begins to brush her lips and make painted lips look just like a lipstick to the camera and ends with her closing gift and instruction showing her off at the end.
lose their shirt during the fight and run back the others.
washes the boy while the child grabs shampoo.
and girl then begin working out.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
's laying down about six inches away from the camera.
played paper if and shoot the arrows to hit the target, then he hang from the board with his bow and arrow.
finishes mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
is slowly starting to look really really nice, once he is completely finished the yard looks great, nice and smooth.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a tool on a table.
then see a replay then the person putting the face wash on.
continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
all grab one and chug their contents of the can.
tries to rise but dikes instead.
continues to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
tells viewers about a dog grooming company, itv with a website.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
is standing using a white blower to blow snow.
hits a big weight in slow motion.
starts at their butt rise, combing out the hair with a brush from a red.
, the person removes the heel heel from the shoe and polish.
continue to discuss the topic of volleyball.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
plays harp and flute while two other people play instruments next to him.
plays his guitar while moving his body around in front of the band.
are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
then are shown washing a car.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast stand on his hand and jumps to land on the floor, while people applaud.
discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity.
demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
begins playing with the harmonica and stops.
finishes playing and remains seated.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
more fish and throws them to the side.
then begins washing the other child and ends by copulating with him.
is hit one after the other, and the girl lets go her hold.
is upside down so everyone else can't see the object.
finishes playing the violin and beginning to intermittently move the sticks up and down.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
is mixing the ingredients in an iron.
misses the pinata and hits a person behind him, shown again in slow motion.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
quickly picks up and irons, flames dancing over the clothing.
does curling.
then clips the cat nails.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head, catches it and does a gallop.
is shown several times and ends by showcasing her back to the both the camera and a final focus of her performance.
wet his car and wipes it down.
see the building behind the car.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up the banks of the water.
is shown inside while a machine is working.
then explains the skates movement and how to use the breaks that is in the back of the skates.
turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
also shows how to use tubing no a string is attached to it and she explaining the use of the tubing.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
continues using the appliance to put the fancy knife on the box.
then demonstrates how to sharpen the knife and finishes by putting a metal rod in front of the plate of spaghetti that she just sharpened.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
reading an book demonstrates how to use the bottle in the bathroom.
looked behind him, then and continue walking to the pole.
raises the bar over his head followed by another.
finally lifts the weight over his head over his own head.
get in front of them tugging and pushing the man.
play a game of indoor water volleyball and end by handing the ball to someone outside the net and presenting it to the camera.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
engage in a game of water polo.
see men wearing water fogs.
see the man turn off the camera.
bottoms out in the pool.
puts a pants and a shirt into the sink and dries off.
group of players are shown riding horses by goalie during a competition without nets strapped around them.
moves to the women playing.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
grabs them and whips them apart.
is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up.
does not have to go as far as he needed to to go as he is ready to go.
are seen having their pictures taken and speaking to the camera while water flows all around them.
then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance.
, the young man finish playing and take off the headsets.
trying to get the ball to go far past the basket and hit it back towards the basket while her coach continues teaching her.
is mopping the floor with a mop.
is standing next to a man scrubbing the floor.
takes a drink of beer and complains to the camera.
gets back in the raft to go back to the store.
is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
bounces it and does several different things to hit it.
returns with a third serve.
is on a slack line and is pushed down it.
is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips.
is throwing a ball for his dog to catch.
is crawling across a finish line while other runners are running through the finish line.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker add black ingredient and block.
, the man measures the sharpener and cut the discs on its knife, then sews the discs and carve them.
blow, flour is poured into a pan and laid out.
then weld and a bartender gives an alcoholic beverage to the worker.
, people sit and play foosball and are shown during the show.
gets a brush that is attached to a pole and starts to move and gets a zip line out of that hole.
lays out the fish on the ice while the audience can't make out a face from their turn.
is a game going on called soccer being played.
starts playing an acoustic guitar.
, the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are shoveling snow from the foot of the hill.
are skiing down a roof of a house.
comes to a stop on a hill of snow.
then demonstrates reading what, by how, you can do the layup over and under hand move with your hands.
then comes back to the camera and explains what he did.
played tennis ball with another person.
serves the ball while the black man hit the ball back.
finishes and gets up.
resumes playing the violin.
runs up and grabs the guitar, then begins strumming.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
shows the man cleaning the car with the brooms.
are shown standing next to a woman with fish on a wheel, laughing.
engages in some form of mount.
moves away as the man is pushed back up by the water.
is standing on a rowing machine.
washes and a man wearing a blue shirt speaks to the camera.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
tells her about some sticky potatoes and she eats them also.
continues talking to the social media to find a rich husband in that world.
continues talking about the machine while smoking a cigarette in front of the camera.
explains the song she is about to play.
is giving a tattoo to a man on a bed.
are made and put in.
are interviewed by microphones outside.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
departs from the camera frame, holding a spoon and shakes it in the air.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
on the skateboards takes one final turn and then climbs the stairs of a building.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
then open the hole with a rod and let the ice out into the ocean.
flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up.
play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see a man flip and throw the ball.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
leans on a tree.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
laughs at the camera while holding a can of herself and the man.
is demonstrating using two hoses to wash the clothes as he will talk to the camera.
washes the other clothes in the sink and several more people walk by.
adds more soap to the washing machine and then proceeds to swirl and rinse the clothes.
in black puts a medal medal around his neck.
runs in circles where the dog is his mate.
see jesse close up in the camera.
throws the frisbee and a dog catches it.
see a house in the distance and on the left.
kicks after the dog while the lady helps.
talks about how to properly ride an object while another man climbs up on the back of him.
continues until the entire yard is mown.
, leads into a dirt track.
is giving a video about shredded potato slicer ® treats and nutritious makeberry pudding.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
reach the end of the yard, she looked around and started to turn around and walk back to the beginning.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
loses and has to run after the puck and end up tos
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
advance on the beach, trying to catch the balls.
head towards the ball.
is used and used on trimming a cheek.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
uses the pad on the baby.
sled walking in a city square, between other people followed by all running around.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of the hosts speaking to one another and people hitting the ball and walking away.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns and walks away from the camera while still smiling.
then takes a pair of scissors and cut the wall paper and shreds it with a tool to shape it and then slips it onto the floor.
is needed and the woman get a drink from the kitchen.
after she is back to applying white paint on the wall.
then fades to black and the camera are seen from several angles.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand.
soldier carries a long shovel that blow leaves in the wind.
is moving the car through traffic.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
then fades to fade to a pitch black.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
finishes by playing a set of small drums with her hands.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
drops the paint painting and talks to the camera for a while holding a paintbrush and showing off various brushes and sketches.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
proceeds to clean up the stained glass.
then grabs pink lip stick and takes the girl's lip stick.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
products her face again and shows us a photo.
then begins tugging the slide on his little body while working his way back and fourth.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
then drives away from the shop with the trailer attached to it.
starts and the people are creating a frame on it.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
puts the wheelbarrow and supplies inside.
turns back to the girl.
then finishes on a long horizontal cut.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
begins painting while standing next to a large piece of wood and pausing to wipe the brush on the canvas.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
leans away from the camera.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
is getting a pit bull purse and f are standing on the top of the rock.
then holds up the shoe and starts waxing it with a shoe shaver.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are playing volleyball on the beach.
continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
then shown in slow motion again as they play.
continue running and receiving a high five from the coach before they go serve the ball.
's a player in a blue and white uniform shooting the ball for a point and scoring a goal.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
continues to play as couples dance in the center.
join her as she continues playing to both the camera and the audience.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
slips and a man grabs for her, but he catches himself before she has a chance to swing.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
are going at it kind of quickly, they seem like very bored little kids with nothing else to do.
then snowboards down the mountain as people watch and applaud.
rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again.
are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
grabs the barbell, turns it around and hooks it up.
finish wrapping and taping the ball.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
falls and is caught by the crowd.
, a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
see people playing a game of polo.
then see the man jump at 6'2 " and he knocks the pole over.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
turns to face right.
then fades to black.
is making strides in the game.
kick the balls at the basket.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
play basketball with a kid while facing backwards.
, the getting coach tell them to keep practicing, while trying to make basketball goals without creating obstacles.
then springs down and onto the beam several times in slow motion.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
continues to explain what he will be doing as eventually the video stops and ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
then removes the camera from his mouth and uses the camera to point at the yard and then proceeds to mop it up.
ends with the closing credits shown across the screen.
is throwing darts at a target.
is seen giving instructions as well as a dog.
is water skiing until the end of the clip.
pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over.
ends and he claps his hands over his mouth.
is thrown onto the board.
is dancing, doing flips, twists and tricks.
's done, a person standing in front of her gives her a thumbs up and cheers for her.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
plays on the street while the audience watches.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
ends and the people run straight into each other.
then display the results of the spin class.
runs and jumps across a mat.
works out and lifts a bar in the air with weights.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
bends down and works his way up with great effort, finally lifting the barbell over his head.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
finishes and reaches for her mouth in the sink.
pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes his face.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
the end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
appears and the couple horses are shown individually, in different amounts, in different locations, and then slides down to the bottom on the table where a sign informs viewers how they should get on the horse to prepare for a ride in the saddle and the camera shakes in disbelief and disbelief.
uses his hands to eat the food.
takes his hands off of his causing the child to fall over again.
eventually is seen applying a gel and being shaved.
lifts it over his head and drops it onto the sand.
stands by his table watching him.
introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are in his bags, he secures it with his straps and begins jumping up and down.
, the man finish playing and leaves, then he leave with his face in between his hands.
continues dancing around and getting her eyes dirty.
is in and he can't get it, he moves it back on front him to the opponent.
is connected to a diver causing the piercing to go through her head.
are shown on a bar pouring down and then pouring in a rubik's cube.
watch the contestants perform.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
takes a hose and wets the dog first.
is something about dogs that is contagious.
then gets in a fight with the dog being pushed out of the way.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
takes a thoroughly wet dog and wets him with the water and rubs the fur all over.
is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body.
is trying his best to keep to himself while getting bathed.
lifted the barbel and something inside it flipped off and the other man stopped and get the stuff and hand it to the other man who tried to carry it up and handed it to him.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
's done, he shows off a close up shot before throwing in a print and showing the finished product.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
are seen speaking back and fourth and continue to move around a racetrack.
also reappears underwater in a large room.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water, as a boat pass on front the old man.
hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
hit the ball on the other side and the team shots.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance, then he flips and lands in the gym next to other men.
then see numerous images of her with her hair cut off to shoulder length.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
tattoo on it is standing behind it.
continues washing the cat with a pink industrial scrub machine.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
then continues to stare at the camera.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
in the green sweater begins to push her girl, swing, hit, and then let her down.
throws a ball over a lawn into a cup.
begins playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
follows one man to the ground, but is blocked by a garbage can and one man surrounds him with objects.
is a microphone that is continually playing on the right side of the table while two of the contestants are able to hold their fingers close to each other.
have given each other a high five, they hold out the no off sign after each other's initial victory.
is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
shows how to use her took cards to model the woman's nails.
seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it.
knocked the pole down when he tried to hump over it.
jumps over the pole but does not get over it.
then returns to the original position.
struggles to get the fish out and someone comes and takes it out for him.
are two fish and one of them is focused on freezing and he waves at the fish.
one comes out and gets a fish and places it on the ice before getting a fish to crawl out afterwards.
is playing peek a boo with someone and both of their faces have ice cream on them.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are moving shoe polish all over shoe.
talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.
are people playing a sport on ice with frisbees.
are shown running back and fourth.
begins and people run very fast.
comes across the finish line.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
continue to run around under the stage and close up of a man speaking and shows people playing a game.
begins to show several different clips from the show.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
closes the video with a quick goodbye and the closing credits are shown on the screen.
are watching as he continues to play.
starts to struggle as he tries to get up, but they continue to soothe him with their hand movements.
hit the harmonica to the racket causing the player on the right to lose its tune.
turns around into a parking lot where there's a lot of cars.
are more close up shots of knife sharpening tools and taking them off the counter and putting the squares in the pockets.
then throwing in the machine mix.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen, afterwards cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
finish, someone drops an item, along with their name, at the end of the video.
from the rain, it is snowing and a lot of people are standing in the street getting wet and wish they hadn't done that.
, a large green group of people on a dirt bike appears, cut, ready and they all are waiting for the talking with a ripple of dirt in the ground.
begins performing various tricks in the water while moving their arms and legs around.
stands up and goes back to raking.
uses big pail to wash the leaves.
cuts the grass fully and uses a tool to pierce the various holes.
she advertises in the news and they print its title and stuff.
put the ladies on their shoulders and flip them into the air and spin then do arm wrestling as people run running up.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
does more flips from the outside and on inside the gym.
falls into the water and recovers.
hit hoops each other as they walk.
carry him away and show more clips of people bull fighting.
shows the different tools he needs to replace the chain.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiled in water held by a crank.
is poured into the water from an jar.
jumped and got he pole.
is swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
gets off the board and spins in the air.
comes behind him on a fishing pole.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are seen sharing their stories and experience about their jogging expedition in the mountains and their participation in the marathon races.
and clips of a man running marathons are shown with overlaid graphics showing angles.
and hits a stride.
are practicing basket moves.
are skating at night, in intensely bright light of day.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
does a trick high on his bar, performs a fast warm up run, flames appear in his footwork and the first man offers him a number of times on trampoline till he reaches the end and drinks a lime.
then start fighting with each other, screaming and throwing food in front of the mirror.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
are sitting in the stands watching the game.
is running on the field in a hopscotch game.
both stand up and go back to arm wrestling.
is seen punching and kicking a man standing up.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is refereeing for their fight.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins cutting a piece of fruit and measuring it with several bottles.
stand behind a counter in a kitchen.
uses an electric knife sharpener to sharpen the knife.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
spits it out followed by another kid.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is seen from behind.
is using a blue pump to pump blood into his feet.
, the man stretch and exercises while standing on the parallel bars.
is seen looking to the camera and portraying a person's face in the mirror.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of the group playing together.
then zooms in and can see the holes he just sprayed them with.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
proceeds to polish the boot.
then put the boat back on the road.
then jump down the side of a bridge.
, he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is brushing the surface of a table and begins to comb with an electric shaver.
is still explaining the importance of holding hands with someone who has been on the gymnastics equipment for over 15 years until the video is taken actually.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is playing a game of croquette.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
holds open her eye and puts a contact in her eye.
is holding a frame of pictures.
are behind the scenes.
spin in the air and do stunts as they ride.
see a man and a cat in the indoor yard, then in the fenced yard of an event.
finishes while business cards are laying on the table.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
continues to surf and seems to have a great self control as he continues to do various jumps and tricks along the grass.
that weren't drawn are taken, except for the ocean behind the man.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
starts hit by the ball.
then begins performing a routine on the stage with one others.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering to the camera.
kick a ball back and fourth while others watch.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
play a game of skiing.
just stands with the shovel, not sure what to do.
is washing his hands in the sink.
are engaged in a game of curl, holding the balls and punching them.
looks at her phone while the two women hold the camel down.
shakes the woman on its back.
back and fourth while the man hits the strings.
begins playing the piano followed by the person speaking more while they play.
of different beach soccer teams taking shots at the goal.
then leaves it alone, while he continues talking and talking.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
are at the watership, then they cables up into the system and rests.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
stands still, preparing for the cymbals.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
jumps off of the pony and catches a running dog.
is riding a horse the dog jumps on his back.
uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on a piece of equipment.
in the crowd are watching back on now.
pulls an fish out of the hole and puts it on top of the ice.
takes a fish out of the hole.
stand around the camera looking around.
continues speaking to others while still moving faster and faster.
begins to do several hand tricks as the camera focuses.
puts his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
is standing in a field barefoot with a stick moving around in front of him, while another guy stands behind him swinging a tennis racket.
is talking he is also being held by being shirtless, and is showing off the number 678 alongside the elliptical opposite him that continues to display the number 779.
, the conversation from earlier comes back to him that it says to leave his cell number with people eventually, so he removes his phone from his ear.
gets caught in the frozen waters.
is playing he puts his hands up in front of him as if he is trying to block something out.
seems to have more than one set of notes after the move and is very worked up about his performance.
stands up and people come in and push him as they all march in place.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
gets to the bottom of the hill, where he drops off his board.
speaks to the camera by a vintage red car.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
explains the importance of a still to show a product of the same kind of grooming.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
, she swings the bat at the pinata and she hits the candy out of there, then she takes the blindfold off and swings the bat again getting more candy out.
slowly lifts his weight doing squats on front a barbell and looking back down after he's done lifting it.
then lifts the barbell over his head and tosses it onto the mat.
is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
appears and words appear on the screen that say " jackpot eels ".
then unscrew a tire and peel it off.
stands back up and continues pushing them around.
is making faces while holding an ice cream cone.
looks away and licks the cone.
then begins demonstrating how to use the basketball to hit a ball while still speaking to the camera.
straight across the basket with a forward momentum.
are shown of skate boarding, ranging from riding by some sort of ladder, up from couches, and down from sinks.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
looks up at the camera and the camera holds its eye open.
looks into the camera.
does a back and forth process after sticking its tongue out.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
then try to kick and move through it.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
get a different shoe and start wiping it.
ties it around his body while looking back to the camera.
finally gets the fish up onto the ice and he sees that it is a really big catch.
then falls over and stands up.
engage in a long race to the finish line.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
are interviewed on the docks.
collaborate to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
then become the badminton team, competing in the javelin throw as the crowd cheers loudly.
decide sea life to prepare for their breastfeeding day.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
competes karate with other boy while a person film him.
are seen playing guitars and singing along while the man continues playing drums along with the song.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
decides to turn off the red mower.
see the stone in the washer and dryer and the instructions are given.
are shown the polish and prep display.
are sitting in kayaks by the water from the university.
are very much like the people on tv, looking forward, and having a good time.
, the man turns the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake a car tire and use a tool to remove the plastic on the tire.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
adds the mixes of other ingredients into the dough.
, she puts the packet in the oven and prepares a casserole dish.
seeds a cookie inside the cookie then puts them inside a rolled up package.
are finished, white letters indicate that they are a gift gift from ms who is helping and sending them to the shop along with other gift and supplies.
is bent over and has his two hands gripping onto a barbell with two very large weights on the ends of it.
stands back up to test how he can do this and lets his legs crouch both ways.
, the woman walk to the other side of the yard a man comes to her to help her.
stands watching the woman.
uses tools to spread cement on the snow.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
stops them to talk to them.
on a red horse killed a bull and the bull ran after the matador.
waved a red banner at him, but he avoided the bull.
is now riding the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then squeezes the orange juice into the bowl of a lemon.
cuts a lemon and places it on a plate.
take the mug mixture out of the meal.
mixes the contents of the mug.
are fasted into the mug.
is now outside shown standing in various locations and his mower slowing down as he goes in and out of frame.
takes out a spray bottle and continues to mow the lawn.
goes into the sand and a player gets passed to get it.
who is in black is running and served the ball.
hits the rope and floats across the field.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
comes down a hill.
knock him off his surfboard.
grabs some fish and gets in the water and puts it in a hole.
are trying very hard not to get caught.
practices on running with his dog.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
does a 360 revolution in the air then lands on the mat.
dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
reaches for her chin and makes a face.
, a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
takes the ball and begins dribbling it to make a goal and he succeeds and it is replayed in slow motion.
begins playing a saxophone.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
continue jumping along with others in the background.
are holding a wrestling pole as the referee is standing on the other side of the ring.
are ina a ring in a wrestling competition fighting while people is in stands screaming.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
cuts the block of blocks in half.
come onto the screen and transitioned into a group of girls in fencing gear preparing to compete in their fight against flaming beasts.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
stops the women stand up and begin to walk away while the man is still playing.
spits out alcohol and spits it back in.
stand on front the crowd.
give one really high fives.
shake hands and walks away.
then captures several animals raking as well as a dog chasing a ball.
is peeling a lemon and mixing the juice into a jar.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is having a concert and a mans sitting on the stage as the music plays, dancing and playing the guitar.
hit the violin and man continues playing the piano.
is added and the woman feet step up to the javelin.
is used in sentence of the product.
then puts it in the trash.
blows leaves from the window of the living room with a hand blowing leaves from the window and the chair.
sanitizes the chair shaking it up and down.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
is moved on the side of the room assisting in the testing process.
then remove from the center.
brings out shoe polishing supplies.
then pours the shoe polishing supplies and lubricates his shoe with the product.
puts the knife and the elongated sharpener on the counter top.
walks by from behind and gets a quick peek then keeps walking.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
finishes their routine and the instructor throws their sticks down in the sand.
turns around on the floor.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
stands face to face and speaks through his hands before kneeling.
hold clips around a camp site all while holding trophy in the end followed by pictures of a trophy.
continues speaking to the camera while holding the stick and continuing to demonstrate.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are falling and he starts to fix it up he does a little bit huffing until it is done.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
do several stunts and tricks while catching the frisbees.
put a contact into her eye and puts a gel into her eye.
takes a test, she shakes them to see how much they will like the curls.
irons the bottom layer of her hair that doesn't have rollers on there and when the roolers cool off she takes them out.
then jumps on top and begins running down the track.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
applauds for his run in australia at the olympic event.
is shown he gets up from his seat and shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
is a green vehicle that says go green on it.
is an advertisement for go green car cleaning.
come out and perform a routine on the stage.
stands and claps for them.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
washes his hands and turns to face the camera.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play.
are waving and a man behind the camera is asking them to wave, look and say hi at the camera.
is showing the waters depths growing ever so gradually while cars pass by in front of.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
pans around the area to see people cutting and ends with a close up of a person smiling and continuing to cut.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
stands up and ties his fishing line to the end of the pole and tosses it to the far end of the lake.
is seen cleaning the bucket and laying it on a table.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
describes the chords of a song and the proper finger placement to form the chords with a fingering chord diagram on the screen.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
continues skiing until he reaches the end and only people who are very loud speak to him.
then goes over the horizontal pole on any and all and lands after being done.
performs one last trick on high, this time with an upper hand but he misses again and flies.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
runs and now he's jumping 6'4 feet high but unfortunately he knocks the pole off and as soon as he realizes it he gets up and is very disappointed in himself.
then takes the hose and showcases it.
shakes up the product before applying it to a sponge.
puts it under the tire of the car.
then begin to stuff the truck with boxes of clothing, which are being thrown on to the ground before they start to wrestle the wrestlers with blankets and rope.
then see men playing lacrosse and scoring goals.
is in a particular static configuration bordering the mat for an instant, he jumps then quickly swings, and successfully bounces the bar.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is the most impressive, with the athlete clearing the bar again.
are standing next to them watching.
, the person throws a bat on the ground and hits the pinata, then it flies through the air and land on the ground.
then presses off the bar.
run in the background behind the cart.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a fenced in vault area.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
rides bikes are played.
tell who will win and who will be left out of the championship.
is finished licking its paw, the dried off part of its fur and off of its black nails.
stops licking its right ear and just stares at the camera while the man is now licking its front paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
put the fish in the hole and the lady might be able fix them.
dries off the shoe using a towel.
shakes his foot with music and the camera follows the movements.
then pans around to a woman and her daughter who also dance at the show.
, the child slope down the ice to get to the hole.
throws the object off onto the field and begins throwing another as well.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see someone add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a man raise the ball to his mouth and bite.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are full, they add on top of it a vegetable mix.
're done, they are placed on the table and the two begin eating.
are pushing a sled with a rope as the whole of the hill is covered in snow.
demonstrates by demonstrating how to kneel on the floor then continue doing the workout.
hits the bar with a hammer, then stop and shows the permit really for it.
turns and people around the stage can be seen talking to the camera.
on the camel are leading it while a man holding a microphone, also a man talks in the microphone and then runs behind the camels to continue leading the camel.
tries to ride the camel but the camels legs just keep kicking.
hit get into them and fall.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
grabs a bottle of vinegar and pours it on top of the salad.
then pours the salad in another bottle and puts it on a plate next to her.
gives her approval and the lady pats her hand.
finishes and takes out her purse and pulls out a tissue.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
throws the salad towards the potted plant.
pours it through a straw into a glass and washes it down with a cup of soda water.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
, she pours and each drink a glass of the liqueur.
pours the drink into the shaker and mixes it from the shaker.
finishes grabbing the dog and putting the dog in his coat.
sets it against a house.
does stunts while riding a harmonica.
goes through a stack of papers.
ends with credits and action figures on the screen attached to a fridge.
is playing the acoustic guitar with his eyes closed.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
reels in a jack o lantern.
play a game of table tennis by the fire.
continue hitting the ball back and fourth to one another while one throws the ball up in the air and runs away.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before dropping it on the other man.
speaks then he climbs on top of a tree with a woman.
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
is shown trying to model the seat with a different size of handle.
continues piecing the bike together and pans around the finished product in the end.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
reach the winner, the people laugh and compliment the woman who is unconscious on the floor.
raise her arms when cross the finish line.
ride the bulls and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
comes back and starts mopping in the kitchen.
returns and mops on the counter.
continues talking as she plays the harmonica.
puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced.
continues to take drags out of the cigarette while blowing smoke off into the distance.
then take their backpacks and they get into the cold water with the fish.
come out to fish from the ice, looking back as they go down the mountain.
then fish larger fish out because it is easier with big fish.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
feed the fish he just caught.
put into a box and go out partying.
are seen jumping over poles, squatting with weights, as well as performing various other exercises.
then ties a rope around the fish and then around the sled and sending it into the water.
is offering to buy the kid.
tries to buy the kid more candy.
proceeds to trim the woman's hair.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
cuts away to him jumping off of the horse and pulling a woman off.
turns back to the horse standing in the warm weather and he is commentating on what he's doing.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
play and rotate between the two of them.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
, he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
continuously offer white roses to the man as well as small gifts and a purple shears.
then goes into large groups playing game of tug of war as a crowd watches.
goes into a puck fight.
stands in the water, reels in the line, and lines up.
pulls a rod out of the hole.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
shows the team how to properly clean and lather their feet, washing them and rubbing them down.
's a door next to a pew behind him.
's a window behind them that has broken glass, so in the pews they stand together watching the man.
is another woman laughing with the other man.
man pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
finishes his match and runs a towel over his face.
puts the item in the glove box area and leans on the car.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
lifts his t-shirt above his head then he shows his elbow.
tries to run away and walks in circles.
turns the instrument on and begins to play.
holds up the hookah and lights it with a lighter.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
is using tools as he works.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
then the front part of the ice cream shop and end by offering the food to one another and the closing credits flashing.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
finish and hug each other before walking off.
then starts playing a clarinet, while holding the instrument.
dips into a mat high in the air and a man comes over and supports her as she dismounts.
is done with her camera, she begins talking to the camera again and looking at the screen before finishing.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
, he goes to fast and ends up flipping over into a pile of snow.
throws it around in her mouth and spits it out into a sink.
is riding a bicycle down a freeway wearing a helmet and sporting a paper tag on the front of the bicycle.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
returns to face the camera and the man i just talked to begins doing some woman talk about gardening.
he is done, they return the two bags to the woman who is now tapping her foot and speaking to the camera.
seems to be talking to the camera when suddenly the dogs start fighting and punching each other.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
throws the pole in the air as his teammates run around to help him and he fails and falls down.
is done, the man takes off so fast the lawn mower resumes mowing again before stopping and holding out his hand and ending the video.
finally signs an order and raises his glass.
is standing ide the swimmer in the pool and the both do up the rubik's cubes.
is talking about the argument between mike tyson of swansboro and smith of egg plants.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
lower the weights over their heads again.
meets in a field and then in a ring with other people.
al saddles is through a ramp and waves to the camera.
are shown taking a break in the river.
then uses an one inch razor to shave her legs.
looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
takes the soap clean out of the water as she's smiling to the camera.
jumps from the trampoline onto a mattress and begins moving around in a circular motion towards the end.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
stands on the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
shows rustic, contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store.
discusses to other persons about the rafting experience.
spits it into a bin and rinses his mouth in purple mouthwash.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
goes running back and he keep hitting the ball though the bases and talking to the other players.
puts a cloth on a branch as he cuts.
is playing basketball on the court.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife again before throwing it to the ground and laying down again.
opens the bottle of beer that she had made and pours 1 perpatrick into the tiny glass with lime to continue drinking the beer.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
and ackle man take turn to jump in the stilts.
is demonstrating the use of the elliptical.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
further explains benefits of the workout with an elliptical.
continues to talk about the difference between using the exercise machine and using a friend.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
zooms in on the girls water polo and the girl speaking gets toward them and throws the ball.
is making progress across the wall pretty quickly the way he is doing it.
is getting what looks to be expert help from someone and he is smiling a lot.
then jumps over the bar and is shown again in slow motion.
ties the end and folds it into double knots.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
gets finished quickly, then a video of a woman in a sweater is shown and then individual cut hair is displayed on the screen as she continues talking.
informed of the difference difference is shown and it featured several clips of shopping lists on sitcom hosts.
then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge.
uses the bowl to clean off the cookies while speaking to the camera.
washes the dough with a sponge and then cuts it into bite size pieces.
comes back congratulating himself.
and take a break.
, more people take off their clothing and do half jumps in the river.
, the dog stops playing a minute and cleans the rear of the horse with his mouth.
gets up and squats as a crowd cheers him on and his large frame begins to spin around with very little exercise equipment on and he begins lifting more weights in the middle of the room.
shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
are shown of the crowd cheering and showing the girls swimming successfully.
continues with other youth playing the game and taking pictures to show around.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of a and its talking and playing the guitar.
are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
girl pours pasta across a plate to serve the girls and plays with the girls hair.
pour the mixture into a pan, put it in the oven, then shortly take it out some time after.
throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back.
continues to play and dogs fetch around the man.
hit his hand on the back a bull and after the punch, the other man started to read the book.
wave at spectators, front and back.
start to talk on the table.
rub their faces together.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
then get their camel whistles ready.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a kitchen and a doctor.
is outside pretending to be a hockey player.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
is nailing up a small patch of grass.
uses the trimmer to cut around the grass as he trims.
puts it down on a table and stands back up.
of the car is cleaned the men put the back of the car in the back of the van could be seen in the garage.
is narrating the action.
is give yourself a break till the movie time.
shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him
wins and the crowd cheers.
congratulate the man and the man shakes his hand.
falls out of the net and the game ends.
continues talking then pans away to a dinosaur.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
begins playing the violin while the younger sister watches her.
win continuously and the older sister then gets more practice and even stops playing.
falls off of the rope on the side along the side.
then parts and all the neighborhood are on a slack line doing parallel jumps being pulled by the inter tube during his skiing vacations.
squeezes through the tubes in the tunnel and then continue riding down the hill.
continues to play and ends by hitting a button on a device.
celebrates with other people and his same jump is shown several times in slow motion.
see people getting their bikes put together.
stops to play all around and act really silly.
runs back and fourth while doing his routine.
continue knocking others down while laughing to the camera and leading into clips of people chasing the loser down in a field.
, you see them on the field playing a game and later talking a little bit about it.
bring yarn to knit and talk about it a little bit.
continue to play numerous game of field hockey.
strikes a match on the ground, lighting it.
lets the wrapping paper fall away from the box at the end.
then strike off balls as well as speaking to one another and wrapping up the interviews.
consulting with the referee and seeking help, the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
are pointing out the balls and the ornamens.
takes the cone and wraps a gift carefully.
continues speaking failing into a microphone while holding a pose.
then goes into a house and shows another man getting down on dirt.
are engaged in a game of curling.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continues when many close up do short stunts on hole slides in the street while the camera captures them from several angles.
then runs around another man jumping in and playing with a sand pit and then jumps outside performing various different moves and techniques.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
puts his cone in front of the camera.
throws something at the boy with ice cream.
are placed on the screen.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
on horses run fast through the finish line, and then a derby takes place.
continues wiping the baby and letting him out with her tongue.
uses a racket to hit a ball off a wall.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
finishes speaking and puts a yellow tarp over the baby.
play the same game with the kids.
hits the ball to began on the circle.
is now seen staring into the camera and the lady who did the washing continues laughing when the kids continue to wash their hands.
begins to sharpen the knives in a razor l-shaped window.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
then sharpens the knife.
, the boys plays a game of dribbling.
tosses the baton in the air.
picks up a bottle of do flips.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
see the closing screen.
seems to be an popular one as he works out.
then begins playing the harmonica throughout the entire song and ends by adding a bow.
tells viewers how her team is running and she hugs a cheerleader for showing her final moments.
speak to the camera.
transitions to the woman speaking to the camera, finished with a title screen and the interview.
then finishes the brush and straightens his hair.
finishes playing and exhales a lot of smoke while turning the harmonica off.
is skateboarding in a sidewalk with peopl walking by.
are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
is falling river and is waving to the camera.
hits the weights up and down on the bar while the camera captures him from several angles.
continues shaking the bar and ends by holding a pose in the end.
and checks the fishing line to see if he caught nay fish.
is holding the fishing line fishing out of there hole pulling romaine with it of course.
tightens the hook on the fish to catch it again.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
watch on the sidelines.
beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrate.
gets on the bike and starts working out.
is talking to the camera while working out.
, wearing blue shorts, brown leotard and no shirt will come on stage and begin kicking the ball.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are several players holding tennis rackets using the tennis racket to return a serve from the other team.
serves the ball to the opponent in white.
in gray tries more of the serve and fails every time.
are walking in front of them.
approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it.
then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight.
looks behind him where a person is standing and then almost yells " urgh! " people look in front of them, shocked.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
demonstrates how to make ice cream on the outside and inside of an ice cream scoop.
then appears playing bongos with the others across the table.
rearranges a garment.
see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together.
then put two bottles in a bag and tie it.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
