is ripping level tiles off.
stands and lifts the weight over her head.
sit in a canoe while the man paddles.
lifts his body above the height of a pole.
continues to lift his body over the pole.
celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms.
painted a fence in front of the camera.
look in the cameraman's eye and smile.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
Then he starts to party with them and throw the pieces by hand while they celebrate.
walks towards the camera.
then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
then starts to get up from the chair and begins walking towards the camera.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play.
demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
stands up and grabs her purse, continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are finished, they jump up and down happily and walk off the stage, exhausted.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member cuts a piece of sunscreen.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are shown and she misses a little bit of her swing.
she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.
shoot at each other while the helicopter drone who am looking on.
shows some shaving cream on the boy who is scrubbing her brushes.
helps his younger sister brush his teeth.
shows how to hit the mom and then kiss his dad as well.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.
went to the target board and talked to the camera.
does this multiple times until a pale orange moon appears overhead.
runs loose and feeds on his movements.
is very neat and clean and very active under the circumstances.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a tool on a table.
see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.
The boys talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups. one of the ping pongs
gets up together and poses with their vests to celebrate.
speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
hold the child and eats the ice cream, after the woman is giving baby ice cream to the child.
is mimicking the person lifting the weight.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, the person removes the heel heel from the shoe and polish.
started dancing, swirling, shaking their hips, rotating, their arms and hands are moving from side to side, in front.
shows the using the sharpener on a piece of wood.
and woman dance around together on the stage.
plays a spirited solo during the song.
are shown of people riding up a mountain on skis while being pulled down by a rope.
march around a room wearing funny hats, hats.
, the gymnast blade the board and stands in position facing the pommel horse doing blade moves.
, the gymnast puts fluid on the pommel horse and sit on it to rise the body while position it.
, in the middle of a lake, is skiing.
in the small blue boat holds a fish in his hands and then holds the fish while talking about the technique needed to perform this activity.
sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
finishes playing and remains seated.
shows a person looking around a city and begins washing windows with his tools. he (A) then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
finally reaches the surface.
walks out of the bathroom laughing to the camera and the girl stands up to rinse her face off.
pops and a child in white attempts to hit the pinata, but fails.
zooms in on the pinata and then the girl.
finishes and walks off, leaving the violin lying on the ground.
shows how the vegetables are chopped for seasoning and then sprinkled into broth and shown with the water boiling.
adds flour to a baking pan.
misses the pinata and hits a person behind him, shown again in slow motion.
sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
shows how to iron a sock correctly.
sets the iron aside.
sits down on the chair.
gives the cats ears.
sits back down on the chair.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
is still serving the baton, she places the extension on her left hand and does a full 180 degree spin in one flip.
is shown several times and ends by showcasing her back to the both the camera and a final focus of her performance.
cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and slides out of the car.
again lifts the weight over his head.
gives her several tips and she continues creating darts.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
The camera moves across the water and several people on boats and jet-skis are moving in the water near a large wave. More large waves begin to surface and a man begins surfing the waves.
stretches in front of it.
shows how to harness and strap your weight on properly and she moves away from the mounting as she reaches for her left knee.
continues sliding the blade over the appliance.
shows several shots of the chair in the end.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
stands up from the chair and walks towards the stairs before finally leaving the room.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues speaking as more shots are shown of the boy playing basketball.
reading a book demonstrates how to use the bottle in the bathroom.
perform his exhibition on the poles, he stand on his arms while his feet and legs are extended straight up in the air, he turns around, swirl, jumped and twist around then jumped on the mat, standing straight.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
turns his back towards the camera and continues talking to the camera adding more weight along with more weight on the end.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
use firearms and films to shoot at a target while the owner smiles in the end.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
push the cups of at the sea floor and the sea floor begins to rise.
see a man holding a camera.
see a fin enter the camera.
walks into the camera frame.
moves to one side of the sink and slowly replaces the tile while also speaking to the camera.
group of players are shown riding horses by goalie during a competition without nets strapped around them.
pans between the playing couples.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is shorter than the men and has a shorter range.
kept one arm raised up and the surfer in front of him raise his left arm.
sit by the holes and continue to pull out fish.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the young man finishes playing and take off the headsets.
line up and stand behind a dummy dummy.
is shown wearing skis as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.
is standing next to a man scrubbing the floor.
walks around the mopping area.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
continues bouncing the yellow haired ball back and forth while looking out over the court passing the ball to one of the players.
bounces again and hits the net multiple times.
is playing a harmonica as arrows point to numbers above him.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown in distress and talking to the camera.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, the man then paints the knife with the discs.
fall, a large dog wearing a blue cape covers his face.
films the men drinking beers through a can and eat.
, people sit and play foosball and are shown during the show.
in red shirt starts to swing on the line and tries hard to get it to catch something and pulls on the wire several times and hangs from it like a seal.
lays out the fish on the ice while the audience can't make out a face from their turn.
is a man in a blue suit standing in front of them with a thick rope around his neck.
lifts a shoe to his mouth.
a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men pivot the canoe away from the bow paddlers while paddling fast the oars. After, the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance.
are sitting in buckets on a blanket on the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
are holding on to ladders.
shows the components of gym holing, how to use the constant need for exercise to renew strength and safety, and explains how to stand before parti balanced positions as the man demonstrates proper use of such suspension.
shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
started hitting the ball with his racket on his gloved hand.
fell on the ground, the man put the ball down, pull the ball and set it on the ground, he ball fell, but remain upright.
finishes and gets up.
sits down and plays the violin.
holds a harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
shows the man cleaning the car with the brooms.
in the background release, spray paint, cloth, and long sleeves from a car cover.
engages in some form of mount.
falls as the wind lessens.
falls out of his back.
introduceds the hand car wash video. the car (A) washes persons hands and wipes them with a blue cloth.
, it is shown from behind.
is shown and a young female is sucking on a cigarette.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
is holding a baby zumba as they begin dancing around twirling their legs and dancing in tight formation.
is sitting in the bushes watching the woman.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
takes an earring into her nostril.
are being put into elongated pupil holes.
fall down as they attempt to make the jump.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
walks past teens riding bmx bikes.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
continue to pull the string while the man beside him grabs a hook.
The word 'interior' is made up of 2 letters. A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O S T U V W X Y Z.
continue to throw the object around while holding the hold the fish.
person keeps score and pretends to make a goal.
see a gym with teenagers shooting basketball.
see a yellow screen and title screen.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
lands on the road where construction workers are spraying it down, and a boy with sunglasses runs towards the skateboard like a robot.
, the boy slides on the street with his skateboard sticking in the air.
under the belly's cycle begins to milk the tube from the bottle that is in her stomach and pans over to the man piercing her belly button.
shows several different ways to clean a sink during a wash and is seen staring into the camera.
shows his face by grimacing due to the stiff air stream and looks in the mirror to change something for his face.
grabs fabric to dry the clothes and shows how they fit him comfortably.
motions for someone in a suit to come and gray their hair.
shows us how he walks and how he breathes.
see jesse close up in the camera.
is running around catching the frisbee the lady throws.
see the ground in a white screen.
immediately shits in pain while having a hard time catching the frisbee.
creates a large puddle of water and a high rush of water around him as he heads back and forth back and forth.
moves back and fourth doing several other tasks while looking to the camera.
appears giving a description of the video.
is standing and talking has she hold white paper in her hands.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
stops, she is standing in front of an able to reach yellow dirt path to prepare her destination.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
are outside, working out as they of the group of swimmers.
are shown inside a black gym swimming.
is used and used on trimming a cheek.
turn a purple towel and a piece of paper.
places lotion on the baby's hands and speak to the camera.
sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people running around the land as well as running onto a field with their hands up.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
holds up the can with the hole facing upwards.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns and walks away from the camera while still smiling.
lays the wall paper down while she is still looking beautiful and then she is showing and she is getting into the shower being sprayed with a lemon.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, the woman walks back and is shown walking around the garden putting more paper on the wall.
slides down, showing to the camera the seeping hole that the hole in the floor has made.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
is in the middle of the parade playing a bicycle.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is talking to the camera anther different sidewalk in street.
and a woman stand on the basketball court facing the court, and the video narrates the mid-day drills.
begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
fades to black as two men with referees run into the classroom and he shows pictures of the men who are teaching them.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
finishes by playing a set of small drums with her hands.
shows a square of paper and explains the process before showing the process once more.
gently glides the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
necks the edge of the table to position the paint brush and brush on it.
wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
stands upright and wipes her face with her hands while smiling.
The camera follows him walking around afterwards.
, most of them are shown without people watching them.
put the wheels back onto the bike.
leather is cleaned, then painted red.
is pushed back on the rack and the travel holder under the seat.
is displaying a keyboard and some instrument notes.
continues to drum as several smaller screens appear as they show how to play.
demonstrates how to mulch, picking up the material and showing how to pack it around plants.
pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
begins painting while standing next to a large piece of wood and pausing to wipe the brush on the canvas.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
falls off his board as he performs several tricks.
leans away from the camera.
is in a skateboard standing on the ice skating.
start descending from the rock wall.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are shown waving to the runners as well as more shots of people running past characters and going through the finish line and celebrating.
are standing and watching him.
continues her climb as the man holds up sticks and follows her down each way until she reaches the bottom.
also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
start to play tennis as they attempt to catch the balls.
is a picture shown on the image of bnp stadium giving an illustration.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
dances as she plays the instrument along with five other dancers.
stay on the stage with the violinist and dance in a salsa style.
, the man bend over backwards, and spin making b-shaped circles in the dust.
slips and a man grabs for her, but he catches himself before she has a chance to swing.
they use a trashcan size object to cut up some of the grass.
pick up another tree back behind them.
jumps up and down on the beam.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
finish wrapping and taping the ball.
's a young man dressed in black who is sitting in a cart talking explaining about croquet.
falls and is caught by the crowd.
The polo teams gather in the field preparing themselves.
falls and is briefly submerged.
see people running in a gym.
see two men shake hands.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
demonstrates tai chi in a seated position.
fades to regular color.
shoots at the hoop and misses it.
The teen on front holds a basketball ball.
a young fair is seated on a bench, while two teenagers grab the ball and throw the ball to the green side.
play basketball with a kid while facing backwards.
, two men wearing playing clothes practice practicing basketball as spectators.
then begins moving back and fourth while the camera follows him.
with ear protection is shown playing and changing notes.
briefly shows off the violin and the different ways you can do it.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
transitions into him laying in bed as he plays.
does a forward flip over the table.
is seen giving instructions as well as a dog.
is water skiing until the end of the clip.
shows off her rag and blow dryer while the dog mops the area around her.
appears to its red and green color, which brings the man back on the field.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
jumps in a rhythmic manner without stopping on the hardwood floor surface.
a person standing in front of her gives her a thumbs up and cheers for her.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
performs rte with colorful banners.
continue to move their arms or legs around.
is shown again still in progress.
finish on the bikes again.
smiles and goes in front of the camera.
routines for a long time while the camera person watches.
lifts the weight up to his face when yells out to the camera.
then joins the girl on the mat and begins hitting the red ball he is playing with.
jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it against his shoulder.
sits in front of a bathroom mirror squishing water in her mouth, as if rinsing her mouth.
finishes and reaches for her mouth in the sink.
reaches behind his head and moves his back while smiling.
named morgan brown begins instructing her mounts as she talks to others and _start_under orders on different exercises.
between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area.
appears on screen with pictures of the horses inside and out.
stands and walks towards the camera.
scratches his chin.
continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
stands by his table watching him.
introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are in place, he begins walking towards the goal and doing several kicks.
, the man finish playing and leaves, then he leave with his face in between his hands.
continues dancing around and getting her eyes dirty.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
piercing drill is in her lip and she is getting a piercing.
are getting ready for the sporting event in an outdoor setting on a bright sunny day.
watch the contestants perform.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
allows the dog an electric bath, then she takes the dog outside.
is wet dog on a table next to her.
walks the dog out the front door.
's done, she throws away the soap and the kitten is happy.
bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body.
is doing tricks in the bath tub behind the dog.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
smells his face with his hand.
is finished, the object in question is a cylinder.
is singing to the camera of a big metal piece.
continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
help plant the areas while moving around wheel barrows and planting plants while still speaking to the camera.
is seen speaking to the camera in slow motion while standing on top of a ping pong table.
, the old man room next to the sailboat by himself.
does a layup on his stomach.
hit the ball on the other side and the team shots.
drops the weight to the floor.
see numerous images of her with her hair cut off to shoulder length.
is laying on a seat against two white tiles.
appears and wipes the cat's back with a red cloth.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is sitting on the back part of a van is putting the stilts on his feet.
looks a little mirror, then grabs a cone from the table.
is laying on a wooden mat.
climbs onto the back of a man.
paints a set of solo cups around with a rag while a dog watches on.
begin walking on the bridge again and the sexy figure moves the cups on table, while more persons switch places, and they all move their cups around, intermittently, with the woman in the middle.
lower their knives to the table and begin slicing each other.
follows the men down the path.
is a microphone that is continually playing on the right side of the table while two of the contestants are able to hold their fingers close to each other.
get to the middle they begin to fold violently and together.
lifts the side tire of the mower, and then rolls it onto the grass.
sits in front of a rolling skin treatment table showing several facial treatment bystanders.
is sitting on a mat, he is working out then stands up to run.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
fall asleep on the couch while watching TV.
slides over a large rock and then slams into the ice.
disappears into the hole in the ice and the man comes out to apply for his fishing gear.
's a woman standing inside the water watching him.
they are all in the pond on fish cage hooks doing tricks.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
spit something out of their mouths and continue to play.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
is in a shop presenting shoe advice.
are taking pictures with their cell phones.
are shown carrying food and drinks some on a leash.
begins and people run very fast.
begins to cheer him on while the viewers smile.
People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass.
continue to run around under the stage and close up of a man speaking and shows people playing a game.
begins by introducing a girl named jennifer, who is walking with her dad behind her.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
alternate health issues and hairstyle on the show, providing some very detailed advice on what's to come.
are watching as he continues to play.
is showing off his abdomen while dancers on both sides of him get distracted.
continue playing together as they dance along.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
are more close up shots of knife sharpening tools and taking them off the counter and putting the squares in the pockets.
The person wets the stones in water, then sharpens a knife on a sharpening stone and then on a knife sharpening tool.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen, afterwards cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
are in a parallel gym where they are adjusting their equipment.
finish, someone drops an item, along with their name, at the end of the video.
from the people, there are also large red blow ups on the side illustrating the hydration stations.
a large green group of people on a dirt bike appears, cut, ready and they all are waiting for the talking with a ripple of dirt in the ground.
begins performing various tricks in the water while moving their arms and legs around.
stands up and goes back to raking.
scrapes the leaves together and wraps them with tape.
cuts the grass fully and uses a tool to pierce the various holes.
she adds a lot of shade of red and some yellow.
put the ladies on their shoulders and flip them into the air and spin then do arm wrestling as people run running up.
stands on a foosball table and throws his legs up in the air.
continues to do the splits as he sports his body from various angles.
falls out of the water.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
carry him away and show more clips of people bull fighting.
shows the different tools he needs to replace the chain.
is poured into the cup from the small bowls.
is added to the cup and more limes are squeezed in by hand.
carried the pole on his back while running.
is swinging a tennis racket on the ground.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
flips and falls onto flat sand.
is standing under the pile of ice with some fish.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are seen sharing their stories and experience about their jogging expedition in the mountains and their participation in the marathon races.
image, azog discus, with a fence bordering the screen.
while reading a newspaper.
are standing on top of the orange court practicing compete moves.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
walk in and out of frame polishing different surfaces of the bathroom, brushing their nails, and making cracks.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
places a bowl of the lemons into the water and raise the lemon above the sink and then pours water on the lemons.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
are sitting in the stands watching the game.
lifts his foot up to brush the shoe.
stand up and go back to their seats.
is seen punching and kicking a man standing up.
begin taking pictures into the camera while still holding the flag and ends with one runner stepping away from the crowd and running.
stands on one leg.
sits down on the toilet, proud of himself.
stands in front of a weight bar and counts down.
breasts is standing in a room talking.
slides the knife on the stone while pressing the knife with his fingers.
points and sits next to the knife down.
spits it out onto his hand.
she presents flowers and they hug.
is shown in the background.
lifts his face up to the camera and holds up a black mat.
, the man falls on the mat and struggle with his muscles.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
in a position of power is walking on stage with the violin.
up close shows two people playing.
The person sprays it down. The person holds up a product and wipes their hands on the dirty chair.
dies down, a small piece of paper is shown.
proceeds to polish the boot.
The men walk next to each other. The men begin putting a boat on the back of a truck. the men
climb across the rope.
he begins to add and clip to the tire on his car.
is motorinterviewing a person on the white wooden flooring as the camera watches.
is still explaining the importance of holding hands with someone who has been on the gymnastics equipment for over 15 years until the video is taken actually.
is on his knees in the snow and he is pulling fish from a little hole using a string.
is shown playing a drum set.
enter the field with frisbees and their dogs.
approach the shots and begin frisking each other.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is holding a frame of pictures.
are going over the hills along the path.
spin in the air and do stunts as they ride.
see a tv showing shots of water and country scenes.
finishes while business cards are laying on the table.
adds more wax to the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
begins mowing the large green grass with the other camera man following close behind.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
continues to walk around the area while the camera follows.
performs a long jump in blue desert.
shows how to play the volleyball.
start performing cheer roping on a fake stage while many watch from the stands.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering to the camera.
track a ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
flip over and fall sitting in the snow.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
waves at the camera.
begins to walk and carry the women on it's back.
on the violin while the woman plays the violin.
begins playing the piano followed by the person speaking more while they play.
, aerial shots of the team's actions, and the players parking their cars.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
lower a hose into a cup.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
stands still, preparing for the cymbal.
measuring and laying them out, various cuts of sharp wood appear on the table and he begins passing twigs to a file shelf along with fruit, carrots, apples, lemons, thyme, beautiful whipped cream to make jam.
is about to mount a horse.
is riding a horse the dog jumps on his back.
is standing with a scythe and laying down his wood.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pulls a fish out of the hole and puts it on top of the ice.
pushes in the center fish.
stand around the camera looking around.
continues skating around on the skate boards.
begins to do several hand tricks as the camera focuses.
places his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
is standing in a room on a grey floor by a small round table covered with lumberjack stuffed toys.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the boy appears and starts swinging a basketball on a stick and gets a perplexed look from him.
is shown on the ice.
begins, a small rectangle appears in the upper right corner of the video and shows the strings as well as the note he is playing.
stops playing and begins drumming on the car while looking back at the camera.
puts his arm behind his back.
continues playing and looking off into the distance.
moves quickly, doing a flip as he goes.
speaks to the camera by a vintage red car.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
shows how to use it to clean each bathroom using various methods including soap, water, shampoo, shampoo, a toothbrush, toothpaste, mouthwash, and soap.
takes the portable shower to his backyard where he shows the different attachments of the shower.
instead of swinging her bat, the woman swings on the man's head.
he flips her and holds up his hand.
lifts the barbell up above his head.
lifts the barbell above his head.
is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
is done the man begins wrapping and peeling the cake as the camera focuses on his movements some someone else is close to the kitchen counter which has a very pointed ceiling.
appears with black letters below and we see a white screen with white words on it at the bottom of it and it says how to get it from the register with an online purchase screen.
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
lifts and then lowers herself over the bar several times.
is making faces while holding an ice cream cone.
looks away and licks the cone.
points all around him and starts hitting the object from various angles.
continues shooting hoops with the ball while speaking to the camera.
are shown on what appears to be a ski lift.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
looks up at the camera and the camera holds its eye open.
looks into the camera.
stares blankly at it.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
are seen sitting around a table putting water bottles into a jar together.
start wiping all over their feet.
lay on a towel and dry them with the wet wipes.
holds up a knife and continues to sharpen the blade.
The fish in and hugs it before walking away.
falls over and stands up.
fall asleep on the couch.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs at the camera at the end.
are interviewed on the docks.
girls begin move the girl on the chair and then the one on the chair exercises along with her while she talks.
are shown mixing the bowl in turn.
experience a moment of weightlessness before relaxing into a comfortable routine on the sofa.
place the baking sheet in an oven.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
sit with a plate of baked cookies between them.
competes karate with other boy while a person film him.
appear as the continues to play with one another and ends with the man embracing others.
protect the man as he runs around the yard.
The person (A) decides to turn off the red mower.
see a forearm showing and the word cutter under a black line.
see the shuttlecock in the image.
are standing by recording and watching him as he kayaks through.
are very much like the people on tv, looking forward, and having a good time.
, the man moves jumping the buckets to reach large bushes.
, the man rake the leaves by hand.
demonstrates how to mix the butter and flour in a blender to blend the dough.
sprinkles some sugar on a parchment paper and rolls the dough in it and covers it before keeping it in the refrigerator.
, she slides it onto a metal tray and glues it down onto a plate.
folds them in shape and makes the dough into a sling and a bowl with frosting.
are finished, white letters indicate that they are a gift gift from ms who is helping and sending them to the shop along with other gift and supplies.
is standing inside a garage with another man dressed like a drunk.
stands back up to test how he can do this and lets his legs crouch both ways.
, the woman takes an umbrella to hold in case of rain.
stands watching the woman.
sits and drinks from a cup.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
in a brown pine chair has his legs attached and other people in the studio are also attached to his legs having to walk on artificial legs.
on a red horse killed a bull and the bull ran after the matador.
waved a red banner at him, but he avoided the bull.
is now riding the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
extends a hand and manipulates the ingredients.
The individual extends a hand and manipulates the ingredients.
adds the lemons to the mug.
puts sprinkles onto the cake.
mixes greens into the mug.
are shown swirling in the liquid.
follows various landmarks as he mows the grass as well as spectators.
stands and walks back across the lawn.
is thrown far and the camera moves right.
in blue walks over and walks in front of the ball, serves it and walks the other way.
hits the rope and floats across the field.
, the players stand as spectators, while the girls run and swim.
is sitting on a black stool and he is in between two microphones to record what is going on.
waves his arms for animation.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
is laying on the ground while leading a fishing song inside the bank.
smile back at each other and dive under the water to fish.
shoot a police shooting machine that walk past the camera.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are sitting at a table eating, watching tv and waiting for someone to come.
does a facing flip and lands in the sand.
holds a pink tube that she lights up to smoke.
dries her face on the towel.
a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
are shown in a buzzing tour.
kneels across from the first guy at the coffee table.
continue to push and kick the man's hands while other boys practice in the background.
sit and speak to the camera before showing more youtube videos.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
are standing next to them watching.
in blue stand in a middle and lift one of the women over their heads to the floor.
spits on the floor.
dips the knife through the block then dropping it on top of it.
shows a routine put to reggae music.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
The women continue to hop and spin while the man in the red jacket hold up a flag.
then spits it out on to the floor in front of him.
stand on front the crowd.
place their camels in a pile on the ground.
drop into a pile on the mat.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is seen standing on a cane and putting on gear.
then throws the tiles down on top of the ceiling while continuing to work.
is having a concert and a mans sitting on the stage as the music plays, dancing and playing the guitar.
are played as the focus remains on the violin.
is measured and measured.
is used in sentence of the product.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
blows leaves from the window of the living room with a hand blowing leaves from the window and the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
is moved on the side of the room assisting in the testing process.
are lit with a lighter as the flames catch the pine needles on fire.
touch a doll's breast.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
writes on paper using sharpener.
starts an ironing machine.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
finishes their routine and the instructor throws their sticks down in the sand.
then kneels on the ground and talks to the camera.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
stands face to face and speaks through his hands before kneeling.
presents the fish to the camera as well as speak to the camera and continue to grab and hold up fish.
continues speaking to the camera while holding the stick and continuing to demonstrate.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are now falling off the roof and they're in a big pile like logs.
shows a little distance being taken for a redo and now it shows a young lady putting screws into an old base and putting glue.
are running with the frisbee.
moves her hands around while holding onto the lens and leads into her demonstrating how to put one in your eye.
applies her hair directly to the nape of her neck to away from the rollers.
irons the edge of the rollers for her hair.
pushes a child down the track while people watch on the sidelines.
The camera pans over a picture of a man holding a cat and leads into a person cutting out a pumpkin. He then places a mask on the pumpkin and traces out the lining of the picture. the man (A) then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
The edge of a bar to stabilize himself when a wrestler slams into him.
falls down with two others cheering as he continues to jump on the track.
of still shots of the man smiling with another man looking on, the man receiving a medal for the long jump, another replay of the jump and a final scoreboards are displayed.
in the middle runs up to the end of it and pulls it back.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
are cars's tires and license plates laid out for inspection.
run down the track toward the stage.
stands and claps for them.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
pushes a scrub into a bowl and rubs it all over various areas.
perform near one another continuously while one man falls and another hits him.
stands in the middle of the camel while walking at a rapid pace as she jumps and flips herself on the camel.
is showing the waters depths growing ever so gradually while cars pass by in front of.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
shows off the knife before holding it up.
shows more shots of the people cutting the grass and walk back to the camera.
holds the top off the drill.
falls below the surface of the water.
is seen cleaning the bucket and laying it on a table.
stands on the bars for a brief moment while the others cheer and grab her around the neck and feet.
appears strumming guitar in front of a wooden drum set.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
demonstrates the proper way to play the instrument and the palms along with the foot placement.
uses the selfie stick to paint himself and a couple of other people around him.
shows himself in the snow skiing down the snowy slopes.
is shown kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
is getting ready to jump and this one is 6'2 feet high, he clears it, lands on the padded landing, gives himself a thumbs up and walks off.
smiles while he's jumping through the air, grabs a pose and goes to the girls, flips and lands and then walks away.
kneels next to his car and shows cleaning products.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
puts it under the tire of the car.
are shown flying kites while a man hands out pamphlets for the crowd.
see the front of the building with flags and a memorial.
is repeated in slow motion in front of him in a cardio room filled with exercise equipment.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is the most impressive, with the athlete clearing the bar again.
are standing next to them watching.
, the girl swing the bat in the air, and in the second try she hits the pinata and break it.
bends down and begins exercising using the weight bar.
run in the background behind the cart.
is standing in a concentration beam while holding a gold stick, and then put the stick on his abs and start to demonstrate how to perform a balance beam exercise by lifting the bar and then skip forward and backward from back.
continues talking, exercises, and demonstrating how to properly properly do his all distance but 11 hour stay wakeboarding on a playground that is attached to a mobile tree.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
sit by a building and watch friends skateboard.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
stops licking its right ear and just stares at the camera while the man is now licking its front paw.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
are talking into the camera pointing place an their hands.
shows a bottle of powder then places it in his shoe.
tapes down the rear portion of the shoe.
captures him from several angles while he sharpens the knife with complete concentration.
, the colorful snow man is seen standing on the ice.
throws the object off onto the field and begins throwing another as well.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed in the same setting.
see a person add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a man break-dance in the middle of the table and people laugh afterwards.
stops in front of a house and picks up a large piece of wood.
are in the oven, the two girls sit in front of the oven and watch the cookies bake.
are done, they are placed on the table and the two begin eating.
are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
begins to do it in repetition a few times before finishing up.
pans to show a group of children in a rough and tumble forest area.
on the camel are leading it while a man holding a microphone, also a man talks in the microphone and then runs behind the camels to continue leading the camels.
stands behind them relaxing.
explain a once again proper footdanced routine, on one knee.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
jaw to speak to the camera.
drops, paste, mayonnaise, lettuce and bread onto the lettuce and red tomato.
stands and claps her hands.
finishes and takes out her purse and pulls out a tissue.
is in lat salad dressing and speaking to the camera.
behind her pours seasoning onto the salad.
shows each scale of the cocktail by adding different colored liquids.
begins to pour the liquid into the mixer while showing the amount of lemon and sugar.
she grabs a cup and places it on her lap as she greats from the glass.
pours it into glass and adds down a third.
finishes grabbing the dog and putting the dog in his coat.
is pushing a lawn mower.
cleans wine bottles with a cloth.
helps wet a roof using a piece of construction paper.
shows the papers on the screen.
is playing the acoustic guitar with his eyes closed.
falls onto the mat.
sits in front of a wall calendar.
finish building a tent on the ground.
continue to push the ball around back and fourth while the camera focuses on one game.
dips the weight in a glass of icy water and then down again.
films him with a pan in a living room while he speaks.
does another lit with his weights while another man watches in the background.
The following table contains information about INTERIOR.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
shows her how to reach the finish line.
collects people in a room.
are shown speaking to the camera and others riding bulls around one another.
mops near the stove and the counter.
mops on the floor that between the refrigerator and another counter.
mops the center of the kitchen floor.
continues talking as she plays the harmonica.
puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced.
walls the room with smoke while moving his hands and speaking.
are sitting in their make shift tent, fishing through a hole in the frozen lake.
fish up a large red hole while wearing protective tape over their mouths.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
cleans the fish scales.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
drop the pieces into a garbage can and we see the end title screen.
are seen jumping over poles, squatting with weights, as well as performing various other exercises.
releases the fish swimming free in the large body of water.
adjusts the cone for the child.
eats the ice cream cone with his hand.
proceeds to trim the woman's hair.
sits on a chair and the man brushes the hair of the woman, the man uses a tool to grab hair and clips it on.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
show a group of men with their horses and they're each holding onto their ropes and doing various things with them like tying and swinging them.
balaclavas is shown serving a white tennis ball.
play and rotate between the two of them.
ends with video credits as well as the change of language shown from the start of the video.
goes back to layering the floor with cement.
he talks and the forseti on the screen shows his location as the man takes time out sitting in a boat.
continues playing with the fish while spraying the fish with an aerosol can.
setting up colorful markers in a field and riding horses.
zooms in on the cameraman and people hug and drive away.
The following table contains information about the abbreviation "Pick".
puts on his mouth piece and hooks a fish.
points at the camera and smiles.
wets the fish in water.
shows the team how to properly clean and lather their feet, washing them and rubbing them down.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play.
pans right to show several people in the background who work in the shop.
is shown in front of a large green opening and speaks to the camera.
finishes his match and runs a towel over his face.
puts the item in the glove box area and leans on the car.
while washing his hands.
are seen running around the mat in front of them and ends with one man giving a person a hug.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
lifts his t-shirt above his head then he shows his elbow.
starts shaving his head with a razor.
examines the instrument in his hand.
The man examines the instrument in his hand.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
However, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
uses a large tool to bark out a few new leaves.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
window leaves.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
sit at a table talking and laughing.
finish and hug each other before walking off.
then starts playing a clarinet, while holding the instrument, by moving her hand to the front not at all provoking the girl's advances.
dips into a mat high in the air and a man comes over and supports her as she dismounts.
finishes, the girl moves closer to the camera on her knees while holding a cylindrical object, and then straightens her legs out and stops her bow.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
he hands off to the camera and another reporter reporters appear in the car while viewers show them all.
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
wearing a helmet and hooded sweatshirt runs beside the other dirty or dirty bikers, followed by his younger body of sea-wort that hangs from trees from his chest.
turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
returns to face the camera and the man i just talked to begins doing some woman talk about gardening.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
does not include the air in front of the camera.
is then shown up close performing several routines including flips and handsprings as well as flipping and falling forward onto the mat.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
shows off them on a cocktail napkin.
is impressed siting by the pool and have her hands on her face.
is talking about the argument between mike tyson of swansboro and smith of egg plants.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
runs back and upwards at 6'6'9 but then lands and returns to his feet.
stands up and walks into a blondness salon while other people sit at a salon chair.
licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue.
drop the weight to the ground.
gesture at the camera.
al saddles is through a ramp and waves to the camera.
are shown in their raft as they sail along the river. they (A) cut through deep ramps into rapids.
is then shown shaving her tattoo and applying the cream or just relaxing.
looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
jumps in the air and mounts the bar.
moves the vent that is on the floor next to the tile.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
shows examples that include carpet fibers, glue, fans and aluminum.
shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
spits in a cup.
see a closing screen.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
places a cloth on a branch as he cuts.
in the stands shuffle to the front of the court and stands over him.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
adds a quarter ounce of jack david and she shakes it and then she pours a garnish into the shaker, then she adds a drop of jack from the shaker to it and glides it right on to the opposite rim.
Intron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is standing in front of her, assists her with the help of her waist.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
appears, lying down on the elliptical and explains how the switch works and in the end ends with the key being shown dropped on the screen.
continues to show the viewers the correct way to exercising on the elliptical.
is sitting in a chair watching the woman exercising on the elliptical machine.
zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup.
applies the paint pads all over the wall and then removes the pieces before continuing.
then brings the canvas a closer look.
places his hands on the bar continuing to perform several tricks.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
presents a mirror to the camera.
read " coffee sours rapidly, " and titled itself.
shows large red bumps over the kale, which is some lettuce and lettuce, it has several plastic cleansers in it, and there is gum over there on the counter, and then it goes back to the video for another animation.
shows up with a picture of a man and a woman that are close up a better picture of a yogurt cup.
puts the machine on the grass and picks up some leaves to put on the lawn mower.
uses a bowl to clean off the cookies while speaking to the camera.
slices the dough down the middle, then separates the pieces evenly, laying out the claymaking product.
does a funny dance in the air.
on a lake, then enter in front of a water boat holding a pair of oars on the board.
, the boat slows down and the woman and man fall on the rock surface.
, the toddler, grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
then lifts the bell over his head while remaining standing and and walks away.
are shown of kids swimming and lie down afterwards while the boy keeps in time with everyone inside the pool.
continues to play back and fourth on their basketball around the court.
is shown with a curling brush.
is talking to the camera making mouthpiece and taking the elliptical.
show up performing stunts.
start doing front is to the goal taking hits in the game.
girl pours pasta across a plate to serve the girls and plays with the girls hair.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play fetch with the dog and scores a point across the screen.
is doing a sit up on the floor by the women, he reaches for the woman.
wave at spectators, front and back.
bend down and clean large puddles from the floor.
rub their faces together.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
push the trashcan next to them to celebrate.
interviews two twins while running and the news shows off other runners in the area.
see a woman holding part of a hat.
falls across the other seat.
's a lawn trimmer lying on the ground near some over grown patches of grass.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
is trimming the lawn in a back and forth motion, moving the trimmer horizontally across the grass.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
cover is lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
is lifts a heavy laundry basket to his chest and lobs it to a pile of leaves on do fwalk.
is a camera filming the little boy.
shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him laying it down.
The man wipes his face with a towel.
pick up the boy in celebration.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
begins singing while playing the violins as the girl behind her starts to dance.
showing with the second attempt to hold the bow and with the second arrow.
show their leave after the sister speaks to the younger sister.
falls off of the rope on the side along the side.
straps together the inter tubes in a circular grouping with the kids sitting in them.
concentrates on tight intertubes and the bridge above their heads.
continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots.
springs back into the air and lands a high jump into another mans arms in slow motion while the audience claps and the man stands and walks away.
see an image of a man on a machine.
continues singing as she pulls the violin across as she plays, and her face appears showing awe at the sight of the instrument.
stands with arm extended as another man runs down the track.
also motion out towards the audience and a little girl runs by out of the camera frame.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
seem to recall their own memories of times they won medal and stare at their medals.
stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
begins hand drying her hair.
lets the wrapping paper fall away from the box at the end.
then ddle the woman while she records and showing off her hair style.
, the third time the person belongs is picked up and dropped off then he moves to another area to play again.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
put on the boots that appear next to the tree.
takes the cone and wraps a gift carefully.
sits down near a table while speaking into the camera.
pans back to an open road and more holes and fallen leaves laying on the ground.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
continues to work on the first step by bending forward, and moving her feet.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
falls off and another athlete steps up and plays with the men.
holds the arm of another girl who runs down the track while many watch on the sidelines.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
puts his cone in front of the camera.
is standing in front of a plate with four green beans on it.
come back onto the screen from his video.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
many runners walk through the marathon, taking pictures, congratulating each other after completing.
continues cleaning the baby and is shown smiling to the camera and waving.
holds a training staff in his hand.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
finishes speaking and puts a yellow tarp over the baby.
continues talking and putnam the kids are getting ready one by one to run to the goal.
jump in the air and is carried to the court.
smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel.
shows by removing a separate article of clothing from a couch and shirts from a board.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening, he is shown laying on the floor and smiling.
sharpens the knife on a minnie mouse and puts it back in the sharpener and keeps sharpening and speaking to the camera.
, the boys remove their equipment, apply shirts to the foot of a bench positioned between two walls.
performs batons in the air.
shows a bottle in her hand.
sprays something onto her face.
split logs of wood into a triangle on the table.
falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
lifts a ball up into the air.
collapses on a mat.
see a man in a beard as he refnaels.
shows the screen on the machine.
begins playing the harmonica back and fourth.
appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
are interviewed on camera sequentially.
transitions to shots of the two women dancing in front of a crowd.
then finishes the brush and straightens his hair.
finishes playing and laughs.
is holding the ladder to lift large object from the floor of the skate slide.
are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
falls river and is waving to the camera.
repeats this actions backwards with a height difference.
continues shaking the bar and ends by holding a pose in the end.
holes and touch the hole with the rod.
is holding the fishing line fishing out of there hole pulling romaine with it of course.
then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
run around throwing the object around on the ground.
holds the other man's other arm while the competitors continue fighting around each other.
has a pair of weights sitting on the ground.
is talking to the camera while working out.
are standing in a tennis court near the net.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are occasional camera flashes as the man in black is keeping score.
instructs one of the other players on how to return a tennis serve as they watch.
in gray tries more of the serve and fails every time.
are standing in front of the table watching.
performs a routine in front of spectators, two of them wearing white sweatsuits.
lifts the bar and is seen demonstrating how he performs, pausing on each bar to measure the weight.
looks behind him where a person is standing and then almost yells " urgh! " people look in front of them, shocked.
is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
sprinkles ice cream on the ice cream cone.
shows a tiny blue chip for grabbing.
rearranges a garment.
see the box in person from a distance.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
hold up shots and begin shooting at a pinata.
