is using wrap to wrap a pair of skis.
pulls the barbell forward.
walking go down the rapids, while the man in his helicopter almost falls and goes out of canoehood.
gets in a mat.
turns his body around on the mat.
does jump jacks on his stick.
rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.
push a child in a speedboat in the water.
opens a can of oil put oil on the knife, and puts oil on a knife and press it through a can filled with oil then cuts several pieces from the sandwiches.
grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.
then uses a strip of sealing tape to seal the board and then smooths the bottom of the board.
writes on the board again.
then escapes and jumps away.
sits and hugs another man and also adjusts his camera.
is covered to the boy that is playing there.
dips the ball and walks back with the boy and pours detergent into a cup again.
picks up another chocolate bar and chews it as she talks.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
dance together with flip up their sleeves.
are done, they shake hands and walk away, but cheers are heard all around as they're finished.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member stands looking into a hut and then handing people photographs.
gets up and walks away to the other room.
are shown and one finger is seen poking through.
she is shown making multiple moans and sprays some kind of liquid down her face before hanging up.
run around obstacles and have a great time.
washes the boy while the child grabs shampoo.
walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.
gets them some water to gargle in their mouths.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
crawls to the door.
played paper if and shoot the arrows to hit the target, then he hang from the board with his bow and arrow.
walks off the porch and goes back inside.
comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he's closer to the house.
is slowly starting to look really really nice, once he is completely finished the yard looks great, nice and smooth.
is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.
see a closing title screen.
continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.
is then shown and several more people begin talking about the product.
talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.
tries to rise but dikes instead.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, the child and the woman tries to eat food without ice cream, then they sit and talk with adults in the room.
tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.
is talking to one of the men in the middle of the gym.
installs and interacts with a sleeping pet before moving away.
, the person remove the wrapping paper to expose a shoe.
then begins marching down a fitness track, demonstrating steps, going forward and backward in between takes several breaks to lift their feet.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
plays harp and flute while two other people play instruments next to him.
plays a spirited solo during the song.
are shown of people riding up a mountain on skis while being pulled down by a rope.
walk along a road, using bicycles and bagpipes.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast cross the pommel horse with the long rope while performing handsprings.
is pushing a kress of water in a lake while instructing his boarder.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
takes out a wall show from his guitar.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
continues to work by scrubbing the windows and then by pouring water out.
does a trick on his dirty ice fishing line.
more fish and throws them to the side.
continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
pops out of the playground.
zooms in on the boy's head and he looks at the pinata person in the background.
continues to play violin while people pass by her.
then cuts up a piece of bread, scoops out the insides, and fries up some meat.
starts mixing the ingredients together.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
wets the garment and scrubs it with a cloth.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
scrubs the clothing with her hands.
does curling.
puts the cat down and boxes it with paper.
stands up and walks down the sidewalk.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
is zapping her arms and is practicing her baton twirling technique, she grabs it from the ground and shows herself victorious while her coach claps.
is replayed in slow motion.
wet his car and wipes it down.
see the old man's garage and what looks like a boat in the water.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
gives her several tips and she continues creating darts.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water.
stretches in front of it.
then puts lotion in both of her hands and rubs them along your knees while the instructor washes them.
continues sliding the blade over the appliance.
also shows how to use tubing no a string is attached to it and she explaining the use of the tubing.
jumps up and throws something into a container shaped like an snowboard.
walks up from the chair and walks towards the stairs before finally leaving the room.
grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance.
down retracts from the knife and starts sharpening the knife back up again.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
kneels down on a mat while holds up an aerosol can.
looked behind him, then and continue walking to the pole.
walks back and loosens up before walking back up and doing it again adding more weight.
walks back up and drops the weights back down.
came in and started talking to the reporter.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball. they
speak to a counselor about this topic.
see a sea turtle in a grey body bag.
see the man turn off the camera.
walks into the camera frame.
wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
camera follows the pack as they chase a dirt bucker.
returns to the people riding the donkeys.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is shorter than the men and has a shorter range.
does not have to go as far as he needed to to go as he is ready to go.
are seen drilling holes as well as swimming around in the water.
goes back and forth putting on socks near the dog.
, the young man stands up to demonstrate how to play, after he plays in stairs.
walks across the court with the ball and keeps walking then pulling the girls to the other side of the court and the girls begin playing volleyball rhythmically rolling on the floor as the coach helps them follow how to properly do things.
is holding cored soap in his hand as he washes with a bottle.
attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
puts his foot down and walks away.
continues to mop mopping the floor.
then jumps onto a tennis ball that is positioned in between a set of net and a larger setting of tables on which are arranged various rackets and vegetables as well as various sticks.
bounces and throws the ball evenly evenly to continue the game of tennis against the two balls.
bounces again and hits the net multiple times.
is on a slack line and is pushed down it.
is then seen riding in on a horse with another man and they start riding together across the track.
is not running when he jumps into a sand pit.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown in distress and talking to the camera.
then pitches a ball down the long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker add black ingredient and block.
, the man puts a knife in the sharpener knife to sharpen.
continue to blow a young boy walks into the scene clearing the path with his leaf blower.
then weld and a bartender gives an alcoholic beverage to the worker.
, people are again singing, drinking and dancing outdoors.
in red shirt starts to swing on the line and tries hard to get it to catch something and pulls on the wire several times and hangs from it like a seal.
is then kneeling on the ice and the men fly up and fly as far as possible.
is a game going on called soccer being played.
then wipes his face.
, a man performs different zumba moves in different circumstances.
, the men flip the canoe and stops at the bow paddlers.
are shoveling snow from the foot of the hill.
are standing on a hill holding stick.
are stopping at the bottom and talk.
then demonstrates reading what, by how, you can do the layup over and under hand move with your hands.
once again changes course and takes a break before continuing to talk to the camera.
walked along a beach, talking with people, trying to court a ball.
fell on the ground, the man put the ball down, pull the ball and set it on the ground, he ball fell, but remain upright.
kicks his shoe off while dancing.
resumes playing the violin.
is strumming an electric guitar.
walks the harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
walk by behind the musician while he plays.
zooms back out to show the well laid tires.
in the background release, spray paint, cloth, and long sleeves from a car cover.
engages in some form of mount.
moves away as the man is pushed back up by the water.
uses a big paddle to pull people that fall.
washed first gently with soap.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
is applied and the car is dried.
are shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away makeup.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
continues talking to the social media to find a rich husband in that world.
continues playing the stereo while detail is shown on the side as the scenes continue to pan in focus and ends with a blow by blow image.
explains the song she is about to play.
is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
are made and put in.
stop and change positions as the race starts.
somebody else time.
inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
showed various advertisements advertised for skate skating.
walks swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
then open the hole with a rod and let the ice out into the ocean.
crawls out and the man catches it.
continue to throw the object around while holding the hold the fish.
jumps through the net and makes it all the way to the other side.
see a stick in the finished basket.
see the ending title card on black.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
lands on the road where construction workers are spraying it down, and a boy with sunglasses runs towards the skateboard like a robot.
, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
holds up a bottle of fluid and puts it on an iv.
is going to his locker but resumes washing the shirt.
adds more soap using two different bottles to the sink.
keeps washing the clothes as he talks to the camera.
walks a mower across very tall growing grass.
runs and catches frisbee.
see jesse close up in the camera.
gives instructions on how to clean a window in a home.
see the ground in a white screen.
continues to run around with his frisbee.
talks about how to properly ride an object while another man climbs up on the back of him.
continues until the entire yard is mown.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing and talking has she hold white paper in her hands.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
reaches the end of the yard she makes a turn and drives up in the same direction she just came from.
reaches the end, she slows down and goes through the washer and dryer area that is lined up before she pulls a spare tire off of the trunk of the car and puts the tire back on.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
are under water trying to reach the ball.
are in the pool again.
is scraped away and then covered with a paper.
bend and glide over scales.
wipes down the baby with the pad, then continues rinsing the sink.
sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
are shown as well as people celebrating and walking away.
are shown of the hosts speaking to one another and people hitting the ball and walking away.
then rides a bike down the hill and gets her hair dried.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
wipes down the empty beer can.
then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
then cleans off the entire wall paper and then rips it too hard while the cat is looking.
artist rolls up her paper so it's more in line with the wall paper cover back to cover the table.
after, the lady continues her tasks and then walks outside to take her cat out.
goes up and the roach and garden are shown.
are shown with a game ending in screens and then paper going and people sitting around the table.
walks out while wearing a tutu in the parade while others walk on front.
soldier carries a long shovel that blow leaves in the wind.
is walking in street between cars.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
does roanoke court drills with the young man before him.
then fades to fade to a pitch black.
picks up her violin and continues to talk before she starts to play it and stops.
puts her hands on her head while talking for the camera and a few more well placed shots play.
gets off the mat and drops to the first mat and leans into the air before hitting it again with her hand.
then paints the floor with buckets of paint and he uses several buckets to paint the room.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
turns on the vacuum cleaner to vacuum the hardwood floors of the living room.
wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
scrubs her contacts using a brush.
wipes her lips with a napkin.
climbs all the way down and plays with climbing equipment.
, he comes back during the segments to show how he uses techniques in certain jumps and the correct way to do it.
use the tools and paint the wheels.
bike then drives away from the shop with the trailer attached to it.
is put together on the floor.
beat the cymbals and drums very fast.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
then shovels the dirt around the trunk of a large tree.
then cuts to the other side of the lawn as children play in the water.
then finishes on a long horizontal cut.
, the camel stop, and a person carry guide in his hands, then they ride on its back and return.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is in stairs ice climbing and here is a man catching trash in the woods and the boys are in the road getting fixed.
falls off his board as he performs several tricks.
picks up a cherry cone.
is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
starts doing gymnastics and howlifting in a gym and in gym.
then uses scraper to polish the shoe while still speaking and cutting with sharp edges.
are then seen playing with an animal along with cheering in the end.
are standing and watching him.
continues her climb as the man holds up sticks and follows her down each way until she reaches the bottom.
is then shown in slow motion again as they play.
start to play tennis as they attempt to catch the balls.
are a lot of people watching from the open loop stadium.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
talk and one dancer lightly dances.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
lifts it up to her chest and holds it tightly.
they use a trashcan size object to cut up some of the grass.
then start moving their pieces as they are pushing them through the grass.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam two times.
rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again.
are shown of the athletes performing tricks in various stretches as well as throwing a ball off into the distance.
lifts the bar and does crunches on it.
spread it and curl it up on a rug.
is also an adult cowboy walking past the polo club.
is trotting on the horse across the field.
, a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
mows the lawn being pulled by the jetski.
see people running in a gym.
also see men on a track performing a high jump.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
does a squat and drinks, then turns and walks from the room.
then fades to regular color.
is making strides in the game.
run and a boy throws the basketball to the basket, then the second teen grabs the ball and pass the ball to two teens disputing to have the ball.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
practice on a gym floor, while three other boys practice in gym gym.
, a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
with ear protection is shown playing and changing notes.
continues to explain what he will be doing as eventually the video stops and ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
then begins to clean the sidewalk with a rag.
then zooms out and you can see him making notes on another piece of equipment.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
is seen giving instructions as well as a dog.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
continues scrubbing the dog while the dogs look on.
changes to him jumping again in the same spot.
is thrown onto the board.
does a hand stand and then, jumps onto the mat.
is done jump roping, she flips back on the ropes and sits back down on them.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
stands still while a conductor plays the main instrument.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
are shown again alone together.
runs performing a long jump in a arena.
makes attempts at jumping over the bar but is unsuccessful knocking it down on the mat.
lifts the weight up to his chest and jumps back down to grab it off the ground.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it against his shoulder.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
then opens a hand mirror and tubs a wet cloth, which she pours into her mouth and animates.
then fills the sponge and the boy rub them along his skin while the girl brushes it down.
then trims the horse's hind leg and then combs out the hair of the drink bottle, then goes back to combing out the hair.
the barn they take their helmets off and they throw them down and take off riding the horses through the snow.
appears on screen with pictures of the horses inside and out.
walks towards the camera.
hands the child something from a purse.
scrubs the dish vigorously in an attempt to get rid of the food in there.
weighs and puts it back down.
walks up and sits down next to him.
walks into the bathroom with her hair down.
shows off her hard face while she talks about it.
then applies an eye shadow to her eyes, highlighting all the crevices underneath.
are in, he starts to run and do his first throw.
, the man talks and playing guitar and talking while singing.
continues to play the instrument while moving her leg up and down and the people clap for her on the side.
is in and he can't get it, he moves it back on front him to the opponent.
and other parts of her face stop.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
are walking in a tight rope on the playground.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
walks to the camera for a little while, then walks towards the shower.
is a dog in a cart, other people are helping her as she gets ready to bath the dog in the water.
walks the dog out the front door.
is done with the dog she puts him down and questions him again.
loops and ties the leash around his legs before getting dressed.
is all dirty when he is done.
is trying his best to keep to himself while getting bathed.
lifted the barbel and something inside it flipped off and the other man stopped and get the stuff and hand it to the other man who tried to carry it up and handed it to him.
grabs a green towel and wipe his face.
is done, he checks the blade before lying the knife back down.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
are seen speaking back and fourth and continue to move around a racetrack.
is seen swimming in a fishlike manner under the water.
, the man shake hands with a man in a boat and leaves the sailboat.
does a layup on his stomach.
serve the ball over to each other and they bowl over and around each other.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance.
see several women getting their hair cut with scissors.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
is gently taking the dog's hair.
then begins buffing its nails trying to clean.
is walking behind him and the first man is skateboarding and another man is skateboarding in front of him.
continues doing it, and the woman has to wipes her mouth and nose several times.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
walks over and lifts up the ball.
then appears and begins slamming cups down on a table.
starts playing alongside each other with a plate lined up.
start fighting on the table at the same time.
follows one man to the ground, but is blocked by a garbage can and one man surrounds him with objects.
is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate.
have successfully moved their hands, they go back to their team drinking and exhaling while the crowd watches them.
is being finally measured for size.
wipes her face down with substances and lotions.
wearing a flip flops jumps over a pole many times and lands with both feet placed, but recovers and runs and jumps over the pole again.
does but the pole falls then he jumps but he fails to land very far.
jumps over the pole but does not get over it.
is carried down the ice slide.
gets on his hands and knees to dig the hole.
's a scoop of ice cream and he eats it and grabs a small shovel.
one comes out and gets a fish and places it on the ice before getting a fish to crawl out afterwards.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
spit something out of their mouths and continue to play.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.
is food being eaten at the event by many.
are shown running back and fourth.
begins and people run very fast.
walks up and nods before being interviewed again.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
continue to run around under the stage and close up of a man speaking and shows people playing a game.
goes to an indoor pool, and shows how to do a splash dunk.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
is also seen sitting on a bench speaking to a woman who begins to pass the pitcher back and fourth.
are walking by back and fourth.
starts to struggle as he tries to get up, but they continue to soothe him with their hand movements.
continue playing together as they dance along.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
is a tools needed list on the screen and a bowl, sharpener, and other tools are seen on the counter.
then throwing in the machine mix.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen after cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
are in a parallel gym where they are adjusting their equipment.
run, they pass two teams of players who have long lines and a large number of spectators watching or cheering them on.
from the surfers, they empty the water from their bodies into a line before jumping in the water.
, a large green group of people on a dirt bike appears, cut, ready and they all are waiting for the talking with a ripple of dirt in the ground.
begins performing various tricks in the water while moving their arms and legs around.
raises it up to his face.
then moves the bags out of the yard and mows the lawn.
cuts the grass fully and uses a tool to pierce the various holes.
she explains how to use the lawnmower and other tools and then she cuts the grass.
put the ladies on their shoulders and flip them into the air and spin then do arm wrestling as people run running up.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
stops performing many tricks back and fourth.
wakes and pulls the sail back.
continue talking as they bounce and walk.
push bulls around on each other while trampling them.
shows the different tools he needs to replace the chain.
and lemon juice are used to melt into a clear container.
is stirred into the cups and greased onto separate bowls.
jumped over the pole and landed on the red mat.
is pushed through by a silver cart carrying some lawn tools.
at the top of the screen scores and the camera man shows the screen again with an instant replay and the score.
rides the wave all the way to shore.
comes behind him on a fishing pole.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are shown walking through a tunnel while the guide is standing beside them talking.
images of pyramids in egypt are shown and then the video exposes the pyramids returning to the pyramids and returning back to the objects and pyramids they were a part of while the credits roll.
and hits a stride.
are in a court in front of lightweight balls and making areas for putting the ball on the court.
are skating during he night time.
run around the court and run back to it.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
walk in and out of frame polishing different surfaces of the bathroom, brushing their nails, and making cracks.
rinsing their face, they both dry their face off with a towel that is hanging down from the door and come back to the camera to show pure faces.
walks up and pours some of the lemons into a bottle.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
are sitting in the stands watching the game.
does not stand on his own two feet.
both stand up and go back to arm wrestling.
punches and kicks the same man.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is refereeing for their fight.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
scrubs down two surfboards and then wraps a towel around the top.
stand behind a counter in a kitchen.
sets down the knife and continues talking while demonstrating sharpening the knife.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
spits it out followed by another kid.
, they walk to the camera holding flowers and the girl walks away.
is seen a a distance away.
is using a metal brush to wipe green off of the mat.
, the man stretch and exercises while standing on the parallel bars.
does saps on a back accordion.
then installs a new roof.
is standing behind him in a tuxedo.
is shown of a group performing together as well as outside.
continues mopping the chair and throws it away.
dies down, a small piece of paper is shown.
jacks up the boot and then puts it back on the table.
then put the boat back on the road.
then jump down the side of a bridge.
he has some snow on his shovel to serve against the snow.
is bent on his knees and suddenly he jumps up to his feet, but keeps his knees bent while he squats low to the ground continuing to talk.
then puts his two hands on the ground, and pushes his feet back to go back on his knees and demonstrates one more time how he jumps from his knees to his toes.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is playing a game of croquette.
are seen running around the field as well as plays.
are then caught and run home with their dogs.
puts the contact on her finger, then is seen putting her hands down.
is using a squeegee to wipe a shoe.
are going over the hills along the path.
race through the streets of a city where the streets are paved.
see a man laying tiles a wall at a plant garden and laying tile again in an open field.
wets the table with white water and wets the cloth again.
adds more wax to the pumpkin.
walks away.
continues to surf and seems to have a great self control as he continues to do various jumps and tricks along the grass.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
continue on running around and neon signs flash.
walks all the way to the end where he jumps off and is seen again sitting on the street.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
then demonstrates how to throw a ball to the goal.
then begins performing a cheering routine with one another.
continues to cheer in bursts while replayed in slow motion.
kick a ball back and fourth while others watch.
continue to throw balls trying to get the other to score.
are trying to clear the snow off the sidewalk.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
is attached to a machine that is attached to his leg by a hose.
are engaged in a ballet routine against each other.
is running and with other people walking alongside it.
begins to walk and carry the women on it's back.
walks out of frame.
walks back in and the picture speeds up.
of a man slapping his feet on the sand.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
is done, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
are walking in the street watching the guy playing violin.
lifted the barbel up to his chest.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
climbs on a horse and ropes a calf.
jumps back on his horse to perform the same stunt.
is using a scythe to rake the debris of garbage.
around him continue to pump water from their hose.
pulls out a fish and hooks it in the hole.
takes a fish out of the hole.
ride around the sidewalk and push down at the bottom of the trash can while laughing to the camera.
continues speaking to others while still moving faster and faster.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
climbs out of bed and shaves his legs.
is standing on an elliptical talking.
is the only one in the gym, there are two people standing behind him at the reception desk.
, the conversation from earlier comes back to him that it says to leave his cell number with people eventually, so he removes his phone from his ear.
is belly tied to a hook.
strums the chords he continually slows down and plays more guitars as he goes.
seems to have more than one set of notes after the move and is very worked up about his performance.
puts his arm behind his back.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
goes over a winter covered hill several times.
speaks to the camera by a vintage red car.
wipes some car cleaner on the driver's side door and polishes it.
is showing how to use it to clean each bathroom using various methods including soap, water, shampoo, shampoo, a toothbrush, toothpaste, mouthwash, and soap.
adds some soy sauce to the black bean sauce and cranks up the heat.
then she starts swinging the bat and the man moves out of the way.
, the woman throws a small ball and they catch it and continue playing.
slowly lifts his weight doing squats on front a barbell and looking back down after he's done lifting it.
lifts the barbell over his head and drops it on the ground and hang there with one foot.
uses a hand squeegee to train the toy truck, and holds it extended for inspection until the toys are empty.
is complete the chef lays down a blue sheet over the cake area and lays out a foot long cake piece that looks like it has duct tape on it.
appears with his logo on the left, and all of his detailed information for his shop and contact information on the right.
talk about the repeat course for having a christmas party.
lifts and then lowers herself over the bar several times.
then grabs a white trash can and begins cleaning it with soap.
looks away and licks the cone.
then walks out with the ball while speaking to the camera.
walks the ball back and forth and ends by demonstrating how to tie his shoes.
are shown of skate boarding, ranging from riding by some sort of ladder, up from couches, and down from sink.
walks along a track with a helmet on.
lays down on its back while it sniffs information.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
does a back and forth process after sticking its tongue out.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
then try to kick and move through it.
start wiping all over their feet.
lay on a towel and dry them with the wet wipe.
then holds a person up and shows off his tool.
reels the fish in and hugs it before walking away.
hurls his javelin down the field then watches.
run down the track and into the sand.
are in a comercial showing the socer table and playing.
runs up a long flight of stairs.
walk beside the boats, guiding them with their oars.
collaborate to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
then become the badminton team, competing in the javelin throw as the crowd cheers loudly.
continue mixing and 4 glasses come together with a bowl of cookie dough.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
grab plates and dish wash and put them in the dishwasher and return to flipping the cards.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
then plays in a large trash can while children are walking past, and the teen describes his experience.
walk in and out of frame while he plays, pausing for a side view and others getting closer.
run across the yard.
walks across the yard and opens the back door of the red riding lawnmower.
see the bath drill in action.
are shown the jelly cutting tomatoes.
are sitting in kayaks by the water from the university.
run down to the shore of the river to jump into the water.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man rake a car tire and use a tool to remove the plastic on the tire.
is giving directions as he uses the knife and the cheese, and shows how you can spread the milk, and how it can be baked before adding instead the baking powder.
adds the mixes of other ingredients into the dough.
, she puts the packet in the oven and prepares a casserole dish.
agree to a lower level of difficulty for each step of the process.
are done baking, she places them in an airtight plastic container for storing for future consumption.
is prepareds to perform a high dive off a stair stepper but it slides but slips.
then stands back up to test how he can do this and lets his legs crouch both ways.
, the woman walks to the other side of the yard a man comes to her to help her.
makes a sweat log, then he does the same, after the woman begins to mow around the yard area, the boy come on to help.
uses a tool to carve working bed down type of smile on a wooden board.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
walks to a cube and sometimes he stands up close to it and tries to solve the cube.
helped him get away after he was gored in the neck.
agree to a lower level of difficulty for each step of the process.
is now riding the bike around the area while speaking to the camera and holding up various obstacles on the bike.
is stacked up against a wall.
walks around the counter and begins placing the apples in the bowl.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
mixes some water into the mug.
mixes the contents of the mug.
are on a towel and put them into the mug.
walks across the mowed lawn and sits on a bench.
takes out a spray bottle and continues to mow the lawn.
goes out of bounds.
in blue walks over and walks in front of the ball, serves it and walks the other way.
goes out of bounds again.
, the men change sides and continues playing beach volleyball.
also starts stomping on the congas with his feet and the rhythmic beat he made on the congas.
comes down a hill.
part as he passes an old buck.
is laying on the ground while leading a fishing song inside the bank.
pull out a large fish and pose with it.
agree to abide by the following sentence.
are shown being played.
are skateboarding down a slide.
does a flip in the air.
runs after a fly as it tries to evade her.
reaches for her chin and makes a face.
they are done bouncing, the man in blue returns and bowls it back, which continues to bounce on the table one at a time.
are lined up and the right side of the screen is flashing a green light and a red light comes on.
kneels across from the first guy at the coffee table.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
continue jumping along with others in the background.
are holding a wrestling pole as the referee is standing on the other side of the ring.
are ina a ring in a wrestling competition fighting while people is in stands screaming.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
spits it back out in the sink.
dips the knife through the block then dropping it on top of it.
come onto the screen and transitioned into a group of girls in fencing gear preparing to compete in their fight against flaming beasts.
are done, they smile and cheer over each other.
stops the women stand up and begin to walk away while the man is still playing.
spits out alcohol and spits it back in.
forward walk on the camel.
give each other high fives.
shake hands and walks away.
pans the leaves over to another yard and catches him shoveling more and more leaves down.
is pulling tiles with a tool.
then throws the tiles down on top of the ceiling while continuing to work.
is having a concert and a mans sitting on the stage as the music plays, dancing and playing the guitar.
are carried off and people dance as they play along.
is in a cup and then poured into a new cup.
is siphoned from a container and solid.
oil up the chair and put it in the trash.
reclines and drinks the water.
dips a rag into the pail and scrubs.
rinses the wooden chair with the garden hose.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
are placed inside a circle so they won't burn themselves.
brings out shoe polishing supplies.
rearranges the contents of the shoe on the table.
writes on paper using sharpener.
walks by from behind and gets a quick peek then keeps walking.
begins and the girls do their routine of dancing, jumping, making different line formations and baton twirling as the crowd cheers them on.
then moves around the ground doing swaying motions.
then kneels on the ground and talks to the camera.
then stands up and walks out the door while the boys continue to play ping pong while the referee speaks to the team.
jump and squats again the lays on the floor talking.
then are seen skinning a fish and holding back food.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
keeps following a man painting tiles and nail them down.
are being put in to replace whatever was there before.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
put a contact into her eye and puts a gel into her eye.
takes a test, she shakes them to see how much they will like the curls.
irons the bottom layer of her hair that doesn't have rollers on there and when the roolers cool off she takes them out.
then punches a child down the track while people watch on the sidelines.
ties up the pieces and pulls them down and hides them.
performs a long jump on a weightlifting bar does a short jump.
falls down with two others cheering as he continues to jump on the track.
of slow replay of the jump plays and a scoreboard displays his score.
is behind the girl and they continue going down the hill.
are many plant life ending lungs needed to breathe, like a of green reeds.
is an advertisement for go green car cleaning.
glide down a path from a line.
cheers for them once they finish.
is using her backpack and shadow to cross the street.
pushes a scrub into a bowl and rubs it all over various areas.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
walks in the middle of the camel while walking at a rapid pace as she jumps and flips herself on the camel.
bends down and lifts up one of the soapy people, then back down using a bar to lift the hose.
continues placing materials all together and comes back to the camera.
then walks over and picks up one he was slicing.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
pull out a white fish and uses wire cutters to drill holes into it.
yells something to the camera while she continues to scrub the clothing down.
then begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars walking up and down the bars.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
then demonstrates the use of the small amounts of metal to play a song.
continues to play portions of a song stopping to describe the chord placement.
walks around with his eyes closed and then es rolls them through the tube.
goes to another line where skiers are continuing to sled in the snow.
also slides backwards, performing balanced flips, and then lands with his feet located on the padded floor, and goes over the horizontal pole on any and all.
jumps continuously until it replays to show the height of the spike of the charge and the exact amount of jump result.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
is just walking his board as his excitement gets the better of him and signals the start of his jump.
then flips off of the bike, and lays in a crumpled heap on the ground.
shakes up the product before applying it to a sponge.
waxes down the door of the car with the product.
then begin to fight one after the other.
then see men playing lacrosse and scoring goals.
is in a particular static configuration bordering the mat for a moment, he jumps then quickly swings, and successfully bounces the bar.
returns, but the jump is pointless, he still has practice, and he has never done it.
is extremely easy, but does not last.
are standing in front of him holding a leash.
, the person throws a bat on the ground and hits the pinata, then it flies through the air and land on the ground.
then pushes off the bar.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a vault area.
continues to talk and then walks back and fourth and demonstrates more mikan drills that involve using an electric drill to drill through a coconut in a board with a handle.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
in sidewalk skateboarding around, doing tricks and making jumps.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
stops licking its right side it briefly faces forward and its left back foot scratches its left ear then he licks his left paw.
stops licking his left paw and finally falls into a pit of its own food on the ground.
then begins to take its front paws and starts rubbing it's face and ears and licking its front paws over and over.
is done licking and gets up and moves on to the back of the chair laying down on it's back.
move around the hole and attempt to fish of a fish under there water.
shows another container of wet wipes.
shakes his foot with music and the camera follows the movements.
pans around and shows a woman moving around in a jump rope machine.
, the toddler covers the hole with snow.
throws the object off onto the field and begins throwing another as well.
work out on exercise bikes together.
is interviewed while other people are interviewed.
see people playing tennis on the table.
see a man lift a bowling ball.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are cooled, they are put into the oven and put onto a pan together.
're done in the oven, they have another batch baked and their dad has a plate to take off next.
are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
begins to do it in repetition a few times before finishing up.
zooms in to show her any number of different notes.
on horses wait, then the man attached a camel to a grain cart.
tries to ride the camel but the camels legs just keep kicking.
hit get into them and fall.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
walks into the kitchen and pours some water on to a milk jug from a small window.
puts the lettuce on top of the salad.
is talking the talk.
continues tossing the salad and mixing the dressing into it.
is in lat salad dressing and speaking to the camera.
behind her stirs a pot of salad dressing.
shows the ingredients required for the drink.
walks into a room and pours all of the ingredients into a bowl.
adds some ice in it and shakes it.
then adds a few drops of sugar.
then demonstrates how to properly groom the dog while the host continues to speak and pet the dog.
is pushing a lawn mower.
climbs a ladder and looks at a roof.
goes through a stack of papers.
is then night time again.
lowers it from his mouth when he is done.
drops them onto the barbell and walks away.
walks towards the camera talking.
continue chopping wood at the camp site.
stick hands into cups before pulling them together.
dips the weight in a glass of icy water and then down again.
speaks then he climbs on top of a tree with a woman.
does another lit with his weights while another man watches in the background.
throw the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
is shown trying to model the seat with a different size of handle.
disassembles and rearranges the bike.
, the presenter talk in the camera and again run in marathon.
talks standing in a car.
raise her arms when cross the finish line.
then run to the bull and the bull fights them off while one stands by and watches.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
mops on the floor that between the refrigerator and another counter.
returns and mops on the counter.
walks away in the other direction as the girl begins her a piercing at the ear piercing.
puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced.
then plays a little piano and sits down to smoke away while continuing to speak and play.
then take their backpacks and they get into the cold water with the fish.
then try and catch a seal, but it is too fish ridden for them to finally get one in their mouths.
then run out the holes in the ice to get them out of the water.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
cut the fish into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
walk up and around the track as well as climbing up a sheer rock face.
then ties the rope around the fish and then around the sled and sending it into the water.
is offering to buy the kid.
walks the child and a friend to the swimming pool.
walks the woman through the hair dryer.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
changes to show a group of men with their horses and they're each holding onto their ropes and doing various things with them like tying and swinging them.
changes back to the men on the sides of the ring to try to coach the horses on what to do.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
now playing in arenas with horse bites.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
of the scuba gear a man is shown doing a sit up get off the floor.
continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
put up leaves in a yard and the man spreads them around.
pans over the raked up leaves while several others discuss their hard work.
moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole.
pulls a fish out of the hole.
pull a rod out of the hole.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
shows the team how to properly clean and lather their feet, washing them and rubbing them down.
's a door next to a pew behind him.
's a van parked outside the church.
are kids behind them also playing their violin.
pans right to show several people in the background who work in the shop.
then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
returns to talking to the crowd.
adds an oil to the item, and we see the packaging.
while washing his hands.
run around and throw the men into the group.
continues to play and then pauses to speak to the camera while also demonstrating how to properly play.
walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
tries to run away and walks in circles.
examines the instrument in his hand.
wipes it onto a towel.
completes warming up and a hood is displayed.
plays the violin down near the floor.
however, seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
perform flips and tricks while jump roping.
stop hop roping and relax.
then firmly drops her hands to her side, brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
is done holding the position for a while the girl relaxes and then walks away.
slides down he lifts his arm up and brings it down to reveal to be broken and covered in blood.
, the skier stops talking and sits up.
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
and a man dressed in white run together in the racetrack.
pass the ball to one another and passes the ball to the opposing team.
shovels up the dirt from the side yard down.
done, it looks pretty cool while it's being put into a trashcan.
is brushing the dogs legs with the leashes.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
is then shown up close performing several routines including flips and handsprings as well as flipping and falling forward onto the mat.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
finally signs an order and raises his glass.
is standing ide the swimmer in the pool and the both do up the rubik's cubes.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
continue to mix ingredients together in pots and pans and finally eat all the food on the table.
walks out of the helmet and we see his face again.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
lower the weights over their heads again.
walks on, waving at one another.
goes to another part of the body of water together.
are shown taking a break in the river.
then uses an one inch razor to shave her legs.
has a damp towel and under her eyelash.
sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
then jumps to the padded area and throws up her hands, and a man gives her a hug.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
shows rustic, contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store.
continues talking in his store and shows the furniture recliner and parrot.
spits it into a bin and rinses his mouth in purple mouthwash.
see a closing screen.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
pulls up the tree off the ground before cutting it.
is walking down the court and starts doing several martial arts moves.
is then added to the kindling as she picks out small sticks and lights the fire.
grinds it and adds salt and baking soda.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
dintron is shown and a man jumps on stilts on the grass.
is talking about the benefits of being self sufficient for exercise.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
explains some more demonstrating how to move the legs as well as talking to the camera.
moves back and fourth while the machine explains how to removed the elliptical section.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
makes it half way across the wall but the bottom of the wall is still white.
then throws a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
then puts it on his arm.
opens it again and puts something else into the middle of it.
also says to keep reading an email.
is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
is then shown to get more information on this topic.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan.
washes the dough with a sponge and then cuts it into bite size pieces.
then does it again for one last time.
and take a break.
, more people take off their clothing and do half jumps in the river.
, the toddler, grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
then lifts the bell over his head while remaining standing and and walks away.
are shown of kids swimming and lie down afterwards while the boy keeps in time with everyone inside the pool.
continues to play back and fourth on their basketball around the court.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of a and its talking and playing the guitar.
are shown running and the coach is interviewed.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards.
change sides of the pan and make practice with each other in the sink.
dips around the dog and goes back and fourth with the dog.
continues to play and dogs fetch around the man.
gently talks to the other one, then the male with the weights started to do the same thing with her buttocks.
grip each other's hands and start dancing in place.
bend down and clean large puddles from the floor.
take another drink and dump it out in the sink.
pick up the towel and wipe their face.
then get their camel whistles ready.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a boy rollerblading.
kid crashes and has a hard time recovering.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
takes his finger and starts trimming the grass from some left over growth.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
covers are lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
is lifts a heavy laundry basket to his chest and lobs it to a pile of leaves on do fwalk.
is a bike parked next to the house.
uses a grout tool to plaster down and lays hits the plaster down as well as plaster out.
pushes the billiard stick through the dirt and speaks to the man.
are mopped down with a towel before the scene fades with another male in the game.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
continues talking then pans away to a dinosaur.
then attempts to play the violin, the older girl holds the violin too while the younger continue playing.
resumes playing the violin for laugh.
win continuously and the older sister then gets more practice and even stops playing.
falls off of the hand and downhill.
then parts and all the neighborhood are on a slack line doing parallel jumps being pulled by the inter tube during his skiing vacations.
then rides together floating through a tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues hitting the ball around while another walks in and jumps on his back.
springs back into the air and lands a high jump into another mans arms in slow motion while the audience claps and the man stands and walks away.
see people getting their bikes put together.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
stretches and does his part several times on the track.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
there is a point where a man turns an accordion and begins to walkthrough the music.
get in a car and, drive away and go to japan.
stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
is bouncing up and down with sticks by her feet.
lets the wrapping paper fall away from the box at the end.
critique her and she runs away happy and skipping out of the building.
consulting with the referee and seeking help, the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
talks into a microphone.
again, the instructor then comes and discusses the topics before the class.
then put their sneakers on and get on the santa outfit.
takes it in turn from the boy and the man enjoys it and walks off.
continues speaking failing into a microphone while holding a pose.
pans back to an open road and more holes and fallen leaves laying on the ground.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
then runs around another man jumping in and playing with a sand pit and then jumps outside performing various different moves and techniques.
continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
put his cone on the carpet and lay down on the carpet.
throws something at the boy with ice cream.
are placed on the screen.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point.
continues wiping the baby and letting him out with her tongue.
holds a training staff in his hand.
then jumps and swings with her legs.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
continue talking and putnam the kids are getting ready one by one to run to the goal.
walks to the court and score.
then wipes the face of the child with a towel.
gets onto an elliptical and starts sharpening it.
shows how to use it and how you can use it with either hand.
is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
then sharpens the knife.
, the boys remove their equipment, apply shirts to the foot of a bench positioned between two walls.
dumps her arms out a little bit and then dumps her wand right back in.
shows a bottle in her hand.
then explains the correct way to wash your hands.
went outside and played with the kids, talking about what sport they have joined.
jumps down and run as another man does a flip.
lift a ball up into the air.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
see a man in a beard as he ref naels.
is shown in two pieces, each one attached by a person.
then begins playing several songs while pausing in between.
returns to his station.
speak to the camera.
transitions to a man and woman speaking about shoes.
then wets a cloth and scrubs the toothbrush on it.
continues playing the harmonica and ends by laying down, laying in the bed with her eyes closed and resting her head on a pillow.
is skateboarding in a sidewalk with peopl walking by.
are in a brown river and the woman is sitting in a kayak steamer.
is a lower bound.
repeats this actions backwards with an height difference.
continues lifting the weights over his head walking backwards.
holes and pulled a from a hole in ice and wiped it with a rag.
then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
run around throwing the object around on the ground.
holds the other man's other arm while the competitors continue fighting around each other.
is working out on the bike.
is talking to the camera while working out.
raises a blue barrel, sits down, grabs the barrel and begins to squeeze the stiff barrel hard and then lifts his hand casually up and down to flip the barrel, then lowers it like a discus and puts a lid on to keep the beer from getting out.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are several players holding tennis rackets using the tennis racket to return a serve from the other team.
serves the ball to the opponent in white.
in white returns his serve and keeps it.
are walking in front of them.
jumps, flips and falls from the platform.
then lifts the bell on his shoulders, leans lean back, puts his arms behind his head and lifts it slightly.
then lifts the weight up and down and pushes the weight side to side.
accidentally cuts the green onion and several shots of the cutting board, knife and its spot is shown.
scoops up a chunk and controls it with his fingers.
refers to the process of preparing ice cream.
rearranges a garment.
see a person making small holes in floor.
put the package into a trashcan.
then jump in and begin swimming in the pool while one of the women jokes with the camera man.
