is ripping level tiles off.
throws a rope attached to the barbell.
then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.
lifts his body above the height of a pole.
turns his body around on the mat.
shakes hands.
begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.
look in the cameraman's eye and smile.
sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.
eventually brings it back into view and adds it to the smaller ones to make a small triangular shaped piece.
then uses a strip of sealing tape to seal the board and then smooths the bottom of the board.
then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.
shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play.
dips the ball and walks back with the boy and pours detergent into a cup again.
pauses in the process of eating to enjoy her food.
perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
shakes hands, making sure his lawn is pristine.
member cuts a piece of sunscreen.
puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.
are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.
, she begins to brush her lips and make painted lips look just like a lipstick to the camera and ends with her closing gift and instruction showing her off at the end.
lose their shirt during the fight and run back the others.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
puts a shirt on and rubs his mouth.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.
crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.
played paper if and shoot the arrows to hit the target, then he hang from the board with his bow and arrow.
does this multiple times until a pale orange moon appears overhead.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is doing flips in the waters and on the rocks and he be water surfing.
see four cookies in a pan.
see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.
appears then different people carry it to a table where they mix the liquid with a straw with a straw and take turns squirting the liquid into their skin.
talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.
tries to rise but dikes instead.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
tells viewers about a dog grooming company, itv with a website.
shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.
, two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.
tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.
hits a big weight in slow motion.
puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.
, the person removes the heel heel from the shoe and polish.
continue to discuss the topic of volleyball.
then repeats his advice and using more wax.
and woman dance around together on the stage.
plays his guitar while moving his body around in front of the band.
are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
then are then seen running down the road one at a time followed by many more following.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast cross the pommel horse with the long rope while performing handsprings.
discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity.
demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity.
continues just playing with the tunes she made.
comes back to the train and continues walking on the subway.
finishes playing and remains seated.
puts water on a hose and begins cleaning the windows.
finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
does a trick on his dirty ice fishing line.
finally reaches the surface.
continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
pops out of the playground.
zooms in on the pinata and then the girl.
finishes playing the violin and beginning to intermittently move the sticks up and down.
shake hands.
is mixing the ingredients in an iron.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
peels the old clothing off the piece and replaces it with dry material.
then undresses and irons the shirt.
sets the iron aside.
does curling.
strokes the cat's head.
plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head, catches it and does a gallop.
is shown several times and ends by showcasing her back to the both the camera and a final focus of her performance.
throws the snow out of the front bumper of his car and pours gasoline on it.
see the building behind the car.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
again lifts the weight over his head.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
follows the couple kayaking behind the group on the trail moving back and fourth on the murky water in the forest.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up the banks of the water.
shakes hands with a newscaster announces the story.
then explains the skates movement and how to use the breaks that is in the back of the skate.
removes a lemon from a jar and places it into a pot.
also shows how to use tubeing no a string is attached to it and she explaining the use of the tube.
turns the dial again on the appliance.
removes the rubber band off of the knife and gets it across the blade.
positions the knife front and back and finishes by pushing it straight across the square board.
continues sharpening the knife and standing on the middle of the stone.
continues to speak and leads into more clips of him playing tennis.
holds up the bottle, then is shown using several different solutions that she lines up together on the counter.
placed his feet on the pole and then hold it, then jumped from the pole on the poles stop and put his hands on his knees, bend down, and begin swinging on the pole.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
finally lifts the weight over his head over his own head.
are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
engage in a game of water polo.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see divers and a man talking.
bottoms out in the pool.
puts the products into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides. he (A) wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
group of players are shown riding horses by goalie during a competition without nets strapped around them.
cuts to people riding horses on a dirt track.
are slipping and sliding between two beams.
watches as they parlay back and forth.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
wave has a big wave almost bigger than he is paddling, and this makes it pretty fun because it causes the surfer riding the wave to put up a lot of resistance so he just does it and crash onto the waves making the wave even bigger then it was.
are seen having their pictures taken and speaking to the camera while water flows all around them.
then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance.
, the young man finishes playing and take off the headsets.
trying to get the ball to go far past the basket and hit it back towards the basket while her coach continues teaching her.
shakes his head as he talks about areas he will like to ski on.
is standing next to a man scrubbing the floor.
takes a drink of beer and complains to the camera.
gets back in the raft to go back to the store.
is lifting a ball over his head to throw it at a birdie on a long wooden table in front of him.
bounces it and does several different things to hit it.
comes back to him without touching the net.
is playing a harmonica as arrows point to numbers above him.
is now seen riding beside the cyclist and taking pictures as well.
gives a brief introduction before continuing and competing against the man in black.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then pitches a ball down the long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the man puts a knife in the sharpener knife to sharpen.
, the man then paints the knife with the discs.
blow, flour is poured into a pan and laid out.
gives a kiss to a man and then look at a table a woman is using, then a woman shows something white on an tin.
, two men fight sand with an accordion while a man help him pretend.
gets a brush that is attached to a pole and starts to move and gets a zip line out of that hole.
lays out the fish on the ice while the audience can't make out a face from their turn.
is a game going on called soccer being played.
lifts a shoe to his mouth.
, the men pivot the canoe away from the bow paddlers while paddling fast the oars.
, the men throw the canoe into the water, while one of them holds the paddle with his right hand.
are shoveling snow from the foot of the hill.
are pouring snowballs into tubes as they go down the hill.
comes to a stop at the bottom and talk.
explains about techniques to correct your back and legs rotation on the course and game.
then comes back to the camera and explains what he did.
played tennis ball with another person.
serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back.
finishes and gets up.
resumes playing the violin.
holds a harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
play the violin on front people who pass by in street, looking at the violin.
zooms in to the driver side wheel and mimics it.
spray water on the car to wash the soap off.
engages in some form of mount.
takes off on a bright course.
is standing on a rowing machine.
washes game is displayed.
, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
is shown and a young female is sucking on a cigarette.
are shown and ends with the camera shining off into the distance and the woman walking away.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
continues talking to the social media to find a rich husband in that world.
continues talking about the machine while smoking a cigarette in front of the camera.
adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
puts on hair gel and brushes on her face.
are shown inside a case onto her nose, inside and outside.
are interviewed by microphones outside.
briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
lifts the spoon without touching the liquid on the spoon.
don't have any cars but people are riding bikes or skateboarding.
on the skateboards takes one final turn and then climbs the stairs of a building.
are in the crowd so the bike races is continued.
then open the hole with a rod and let the ice out into the ocean.
fizzles and the man drops the hook.
play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see man pull back the cup and drop a dart down the grass.
finishes playing directly and the audience applauds.
is riding on the road on its belly.
, the boy slides on the street with his skateboard sticking in the air.
laughs at the camera while holding a can of herself and the man.
shows several different ways to clean a sink during a wash and is seen staring into the camera.
shows his face by grimacing due to the stiff air stream and looks in the mirror to change something for his face.
adds more soap to the washing machine and then proceeds to swirl and rinse the clothes.
motions for someone in a suit to come and gray their hair.
is shown from a shampoo advertisement one last time.
see a guy hold a blue frisbee in the air and tell that the dog has a pink frisbee and we see its pink feet.
throws the frisbee and a dog catches it.
see a house in the distance and on the left.
immediately shits in pain while having a hard time catching the frisbee.
creates a large puddle of water and a high rush of water around him as he heads back and forth back and forth.
continues until the entire yard is mown.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frrt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
reach the end of the yard she makes a turn and drives up in the same direction she just came from.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
loses and has to run after the puck and end up
continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
are under water trying to reach the ball.
are in the pool again.
is sharpened on the sharpener.
bend and glide over scales.
uses the pad on the baby.
sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
are shown of people dancing with one another and once again the same shots are shown in slow motion.
finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
finishes by set the can down and shows off the spray can.
turns and walks away from the camera while still smiling.
then takes a pair of scissors and cut the wall paper and shred it with a tool to shape it and then slips it onto the floor.
artist is using a tool over and over to shape the board that was sitting in the corner before again taking the leaflets and creating a new sheet of paper, this time incorporating another white sheet.
after she is back to applying white paint on the wall.
still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
wearing an orange jacket falls over from the fall, they help him up.
shake hands.
is moving the car through traffic.
kick a ball back and forth across the court.
does roanoke court drills with the young man before him.
fades to black as two men with referees run into the classroom and they shows pictures of the men who are teaching them.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
finishes by playing a set of small drums with her hands.
stops talking and ends with a smile and the words " howcast original " appear on the white screen.
then paints a floor with buckets of paint and he uses several buckets to paint the room.
separates the paint from the paint can and puts it back.
proceeds to clean up the stained glass.
finally gets a space.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
products her face again and shows us a photo.
climbs all the way down and plays with climbing equipment.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
are going over the bike handlebars and looking at the paint.
put the seat on the bike.
throws back on the rack and the travel holder under the seat.
continues playing as bees gather around to watch.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
picks up several bags of flowers on top of the flower bed.
pans around to show the others performing sort of for the camera, including one woman standing upright in front of a bush.
then finishes on a long horizontal cut.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
begins painting while standing next to the large piece of wood and pausing to wipe the brush on the canvas.
is standing and standing on the rock with right back on pedaling the bikes.
is acting as a referee and playing the dj.
laughs and turns around.
is skating in the rink and doing tricks sitting.
is getting a pit bull purse and f are standing on the top of the rock.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up to one another.
are standing and watching him.
continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
are blocking the ball as the referee is trying to prevent them from throwing it.
's a player in a blue and white uniform shooting the ball for a point and scoring a goal.
is giving brief commentary on her performance.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
join her as she continues playing to both the camera and the audience.
, the man accelerates and spins and kicks.
lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
pick up another tree back behind them.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam two times.
continues to rake and sends flowers flying through the air.
are shown of the athletes performing tricks in various stretches as well as throwing a ball off into the distance.
grabs the barbell, turns it around and hooks it up.
throw it and another woman joins.
are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
is trotting on the horse across the field.
, the polo teams gather in the field preparing themselves.
briefly jettisoned himself trying to follow the jetski.
see people playing a game of polo.
then see the end title screens.
puts something into the camera and adjusts it.
turns to face right.
fades to regular color.
is making strides in the game.
take positions next to each other and prepare for a play, the teens jog around each other standing on the court and kicking the ball to each other in a gymnasium.
, the teens play running game trying to anger the defender each other.
practice on a gym floor, while three other boys practice in gym gym.
, the getting coach tell them to keep practicing, while trying to make basketball goals without creating obstacles.
then begins moving back and fourth while the camera follows him.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
continues to explain what he will be doing as eventually the video stops and ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
then removes the camera from his mouth and uses the camera to point at the yard and then proceeds to mop it up.
transitions into him laying in bed as he plays.
does a forward flip over the table.
throws himself on the water while the boat speeds up.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned.
is shown again in slow motion.
is thrown onto the board.
is dancing, doing flips, twists and tricks.
's done, a person standing in front of her gives her a thumbs up and cheers for her.
, the man lifts a weight of 101 kg successfully.
performs rte with colorful banners.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
continues to teach the way to ride around on the bike.
finish on the bikes again.
smiles and goes in front of the camera.
works out and lifts a bar in the air with weights.
continues lifting the weight around his neck while others watch on the side.
then begins lifting the bar while still holding on to the other person and lifts the bar farther over his head and ends with the man in the end again lifting the bar up and throwing it to the parking lot.
then performs several more lifts on the bar.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it it his shoulder.
throws a silicone in her mouth and a piercing appears followed by her face's face.
finishes and reaches for her mouth in the sink.
pour the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face.
and the boy ride around on their horses, grab several up a horse and throw them back to the dirt.
between interviews they show the duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area.
remains on the bottom right area of the screen the whole time.
places the hands back into the dessert.
hands the child something from a purse.
eventually is seen applying a gel and being shaved.
lifts it over his head and drops it onto the sand.
is standing behind him on a track.
introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
applies a moisturizer to her face while dancing around.
then applies a contact lens in between her eyes and places it in her left eye.
are in his bags, he secures it with his straps and begins jumping up and down.
, the man finishes playing both the guitar and the harmonica, then sing.
continues dancing with her makeup slowly removed and leads into her crying.
is back on the board, he takes off running back down the board.
and other parts of her face stop.
receive trophies, with text show up on screen instructing them in preparation to compete in the competition.
watch the contestants perform.
are close ups of them being tight ropes.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is wet dog on a table next to her.
takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog.
is done with the dog she puts him down and questions him again.
takes an thoroughly wet dog and wets him with the water and rubs the fur all over.
is all dirty when he is done.
is trying his best to keep to himself while getting bathed.
lifted the barbel and something inside it flipped off and the other man stopped and get the stuff and hand it to the other man who tried to carry it up and handed it to him.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
is finished, he begins cutting the knife in half.
is sitting in the room talking to the camera again.
continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
are seen around him as well as an old man picking up rocks and the video ending with the man standing before a group and mowing them down.
also reappears underwater in a large room.
, the man has the sailboat sail on the sea and sail in the ocean holding the handle, while on the boat he has the hand device the boat left the water.
hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
serve the ball over to each other and they bowl over and around each other.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself.
see a man shaving her cheek.
is sitting on top of a white tub of water.
tattoo on it is standing behind it.
continues washing the cat with a pink industrial scrub machine.
is taking off the stilts and standing them onsidethem and riding them the skateboarders in the parking lot.
continues doing it, and the woman has to wipes her mouth and nose several times.
throws the ball to the wall.
walks over and lifts up the ball.
throws a ball over a lawn into a cup.
continues taking turns while the camera captures their movements.
start fighting on the table at the same time.
follows the men down the path.
is a brief hold up before they begin, because their thumb positing is inaccurate.
have given each other a high five, they hold out the no off sign after each other's initial victory.
is being finally measured for size.
shakes her face down with substances and lotions.
seems to be practicing how high he can jump
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
jumps over the pole but does not get over it.
throws a ball into the air.
disappears into the hole in the ice and the man comes out to apply for his fishing gear.
are two fish and one of them is focused on freezing and he waves at the fish.
one comes out and gets a fish and places it on the ice before getting a fish to crawl out afterwards.
cut off an ice cream cone to get some cream near the table.
are having hospital employees help put ice cream in the mouths of a dying mother.
are moving shoe polish all over shoe.
is in a shop presenting shoe advice.
is food being eaten at the event by many.
are being interviewed by groups.
begins and people run very fast.
comes across the finish line.
kicks the ball out of bounds for a goal.
continue riding around on skateboards as well as following behind one another as well as people speaking to the camera.
begins by introducing a girl named jennifer, who is walking with her dad behind her.
also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
alternate health issues and hairstyle on the show, providing some very detailed advice on what's to come.
are watching as he continues to play.
is playing a longer harmonica while the others are playing a smaller harmonica.
hit the harmonica to the racket causing the player on the right to lose its tune.
goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
is also a title screen with
then throwing in the machine mix.
cut a little oval shaped stone to shape.
are then shown in the gym, sitting, resting, doing weights, cycling, and doing websites with their phone number.
finish, someone drops an item, along with their name, at the end of the video.
from the rain, it is snowing and a lot of people are standing in the street getting wet and wish they hadn't done that.
, the streaker finish on time with the wave of his hand and walks off.
begins performing various tricks in the water while moving their arms and legs around.
throws the leaves off into the distance.
uses big pail to wash the leaves.
cuts the grass fully and uses a tool to pierce the various holes.
, she explains how to use the lawnmower and other tools and then she cuts the grass.
form two groups and hold up two girls who hold up one girl together.
does many tricks as he jumps in the air.
does more flips from the outside and on inside the gym.
falls out of the water.
bounce and flip over a wobbly bar onto a mat.
push bulls around on each other while trampling them.
shakes the tire and scissored it, replacing areas where he thinks it's damaged.
is stirred and mixed with sugar until it is boiled in water held by a crank.
goes through cups and forms drinks from the sifter.
jumped over the pole and landed on the red mat.
is pushed through by a silver cart carrying some lawn tools.
at the bottom of the screen and the player at the bottom rises from the table.
rides the wave all the way to shore.
comes behind him on a fishing pole.
is putting ice in a hole on a boat.
are shown riding on the dune horses as they complete their journey and come face to face with their opponent on the dune horses.
images of pyramids in egypt are shown and then the video exposes the pyramids returning to the pyramids and returning back to the objects and pyramids they were a part of while the credits roll.
is shown with a count of repetitions shown.
are standing on top of the orange court practicing compete moves.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
continue hitting the ball around several goals and celebrating with one another.
performs high jump and circles his legs before getting on the bar.
begin to play on the water using tape and squeege drums to play underwater in different poses.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
begins by adding a smaller amount of lemon juice as well as sugar and waving the lemons around.
are sitting in the stands watching the game.
does flips in the air in the back yard of a house.
begin punching and kicking each other.
punches and kicks the same man.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is standing behind them holding a rope.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
begins cutting a piece of fruit and measuring it with several bottles.
breasts is standing in a room talking.
sets down the knife and continues talking while demonstrating sharpening the knife.
then begins sharpening a metal tool to sharpen.
spits it out onto his hand.
two people are shown as well as an orchestra playing.
is seen on the side.
lifts his face up to the camera and holds up a black mat.
, the man stretch and exercises while standing on the parallel bars.
is seen looking to the camera and portraying a person's face in the mirror.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of the group playing together.
continues mopping the chair and throws it away.
dies down, a small piece of paper is shown.
proceeds to polish the boot.
then put the boat back on the road.
shake hands.
he proceeds to the car and start slicing the snow off of his windshield.
is brushing the surface of a table and begins to comb with an electric shaver.
is still explaining the importance of holding hands with someone who has been on the gymnastics equipment for over 15 years until the video is taken actually.
how is talking about fish fishing in the ocean and he fishes for an ice fishing hole.
is holding a broom and bucket.
are standing around a bowl picking up balls.
get their dogs to do numerous tricks using the frisbees.
touches her arm several times while she displays her eye's view.
is talking about her hairstyle.
are behind the scenes.
spin in the air and do stunts as they ride.
see a man and a cat in the indoor yard, then in the fenced yard of an event.
finishes while business cards are laying on the table.
goes into the living room and comes back and carves the pumpkin.
finishes carving and walks away.
continues to surf and seems to have a great self control as he continues to do various jumps and tricks along the grass.
are shown and the man on the lawnmower gives one more wave with his left hand.
line up, then run, racing each other to the finish line.
rides past cars at a quick pace and performs several tricks and flips.
performs a long jump in blue desert.
then demonstrates how to throw the ball to the goal.
then begins performing a routine on the stage with one others.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering the camera.
kick a ball back and fourth while others watch.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
flip over and fall sitting in the snow.
then gets on their snowboards, puts on their sleds and takes off down the road.
is washing his hands in the sink.
are engaged in a game of curl, holding the balls and punching them.
looks at her phone while the two women hold the camel down.
shakes the woman on its back.
back and fourth while the man hits the strings.
begins playing the piano followed by the person speaking more while they play.
of different beach soccer teams taking shots at the goal.
then leaves it alone, while he continues talking and talking.
finishes, the yard is shown and begins to gargle of the compost in his yard.
go back and forth over the waves of the boat.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
lifted the barbel up to his chest.
measuring and laying them out, various cuts of sharp wood appear on the table and he begins passing twigs to a file shelf along with fruit, carrots, apples, lemons, thyme, beautiful whipped cream to make jam.
is about to mount a horse.
then hog ties the dog then walks back toward the pony.
is standing with a scythe and laying down his wood.
around him continue to pump water from their hose.
pulls a fish out of the hole and puts it on top of the ice.
takes the fish out of the hole.
look around and watch the man skate.
continues speaking to others while still moving faster and faster.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
puts his hand behind his neck and begins to disrobe.
is standing in a field barefoot with a stick moving around in front of him, while another guy stands behind him swinging a tennis racket.
is talking to the camera and showing the body specifications of the machine it's powered down and you can see how it is slower.
, the conversation from earlier comes back to him that it says to leave his cell number with people eventually, so he removes his phone from his ear.
hits the bait and grabs it as the man reels it in.
is playing he puts his hands up in front of him as if he is trying to block something out.
takes an pause and then begins playing a song and the lyrics to the song appears at the bottom as well as the notes above them.
standing on the field shaking his arms.
continues playing while pausing to speak to the camera and finishes by walking away.
gets to the bottom of the hill, where he drops off his board.
speaks to the camera by a vintage red car.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
explains the importance of a still to show a product of the same kind of grooming.
puts the lid back on the tube and pulls even harder.
instead of using the bat to hit the man, he steps on the man's foot and she lets go that spins the girl around so she hits the man.
, she swings the bat at the pinata and she hits the candy out of there, then she takes the blindfold off and swings the bat again getting more candy out.
lifts the barbell up above his head.
lifts the barbell above his head.
is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
appears with his logo on the left, and all of his detailed information for his shop and contact information on the right.
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
then lowers herself over the bar several times.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
then begins performing several baskets.
straight across the basket with a forward momentum.
are shown of skate boarding, ranging from riding by some sort of ladder, up from couches, and down from sinks.
is shown on the screen giving details about the tricks and offering pointers and tips.
looks up at the camera and the camera holds its eye open.
looks into the camera.
does a back and forth process after sticking its tongue out.
are engaged in a game of volleyball.
then try to kick and move through it.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
give a kiss on the end and let go.
ties it around his body while looking back to the camera.
finally gets the fish up onto the ice and he sees that it is a really big catch.
performs a long jump and receives his second point.
engage in a long race to the finish line.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
runs again and does a front flip and lands on the track.
are interviewed on the docks.
collaborate to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
then become the badminton team, competing in the javelin throw as the crowd cheers loudly.
decide sea life to prepare for their breastfeeding day.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
shake hands.
tear up and speak to each other as they continue to eat their lunches.
then prepare the ingredients to bake.
fails once and kicks the male's leg.
appear as the continues to play with one another and ends with the man embracing others.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
decides to turn off the red mower.
see the bath drill in action.
see the lady in red again.
are standing next to the strong waves.
are very much like the people on tv, looking forward, and having an good time.
, the man turn the mower around and continues rake the leaves.
, the man mows the lawn.
looks at a flyer on a screen.
adds the mixes of other ingredients into the dough.
some more mix, she cuts out shapes to plated and lays out it in bowls and makes a small foil fit over them.
removes the tube without cutting the dough.
are done baking, she places them in an airtight plastic container for storing for future consumption.
prepares to perform a high dive off a stair stepper but it slides but slips.
then rounds his legs and gains the momentum to pick the weight back up and begins continuing to dumbell it again, this time squatting farther.
, the woman takes out the container of the mower and puts the dead grass in a trash bag, then she puts back the container in the mower.
then they put back the container in the mower.
screws something into the bottom of a plastic bag.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
is talking on the microphone that is attached to the back of a snowmobile helping some kids jet ski on the artificial legs.
is injured but is shot and the bull tries to eat him.
lifted the loser and threw him on the ground.
then ties the strings on the bike while still speaking furiously to the camera and is seen pushing himself along the side.
is shown, with several individuals standing by the counter.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then breaks the lemon in half with action.
cuts the lemon and places it on a plate.
mixes some water into the mug.
breaks a lemon in half.
are fasted into the mug.
cuts fence paper using his hands.
shake hands.
goes all around the court.
serves the ball again.
goes out of bounds again.
, the young man play beach volleyball with another guy.
also starts stomping on the congas with his feet and the rhythmic beat he made on the congas.
comes down a hill.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
throws some fish and gets in the water and puts it in a hole.
smile back at each other and dive under the water to fish.
shoot an police shooting machine that walk past the camera.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding down a slide.
does a 360 revolution in the air then lands on the mat.
dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
puts makeup on her face.
, a group with short hair and an under armour appear and begin getting ready mentally for the exercise.
move out of the net, resulting in their loss in a pit of mud.
takes the weight off his shoulders.
shake and counter throw one another while someone is standing close by watching them hit.
continue playing against one another and end by cheering.
are standing on opposite ends of the ring holding each other's belts in their hands while lifting each other up in the air upside down.
are standing next to them watching.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
then begins to start rubbing his hands up and down his face.
cuts the block of blocks in half.
come onto the screen and transitioned into a group of girls in fencing gear preparing to compete in their fight with flaming beasts.
change, they are all standing preparing the floor.
is complete they continue dancing with each other, and stop.
takes a drink of the cup.
receive water from a well.
give each other high fives.
speak to the camera.
then captures several animals raking as well as a dog chasing the ball.
is peeling a lemon and mixing the juice into a jar.
then replaces the shingles, drilling them back into place.
is having a concert and a mans sitting on the stage as the music plays, dancing and playing the guitar.
hit the violin and man continues playing the piano.
is measured and measured.
is used in sentence of the product.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shakes the wooden chair with a brush.
adjusts a light blue soap product on the item and rubs the item.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
are removed from the center.
brings out shoe polishing supplies.
then pours the shoe polishing supplies and lubricates his shoe with the product.
bends and picks the knife sharpener up.
brings out a wooden chopping board.
resumes with the multiple open stances, flips, and shoulders.
finishes their routine and the instructor throws their sticks down in the sand.
turns around on the floor.
faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
is lifting weights with his left hand while sitting still.
presents the fish to the camera as well as speak to the camera and continue to grab and hold up fish.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has
are falling and he starts to fix it up he does a little bit huffing until it is done.
looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
do several stunts and tricks while catching the frisbees.
put a contact into her eye and puts a gel into her eye.
pours liquid over her hair and presses so hard it causes a pink head and the hair sticks then curls back in again.
irons the bottom layer of her hair that doesn't have rollers on there and when the roolers cool off she takes them out.
then jumps on top and begins running down the track.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
performs a long jump on a weightlifting bar does a short jump.
on the track becomes a golden retriever.
of results are then shown and they have a man laughing and speaking about his success with the jump for the physical and emotional aspects.
is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
are many plant life ending lungs needed to breathe, like a of green reeds.
is a man combing the hedge with an electric razor.
come out and perform a routine on the stage.
cheers for them once they finish.
lifts the camera to get a better look.
then scrubs his hands while another man scrubs his's face followed by the boy entering the room.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play.
are waving and a man behind the camera is asking them to wave, look and say hi at the camera.
bends down and lifts up one of the soapy people, then back down using a bar to lift the hose.
continues placing materials all together and comes back to the camera.
then cuts the apples with the sharpened knife and leads into another person holding and showing off more knives.
pans around the area to see people cutting and ends with a close up of a person smiling and continuing to cut.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
throws a fish on his line and pulls it from the water.
is seen standing in front of a hose and dipping clothes underneath as well.
then begins performing several cool along arm springs and repeating herself while looking off into the distance.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweep the floor with his foot.
describes the chords of a song and the proper finger placement to form the chords with a fingering chord diagram on the screen.
plays a song supporting the note that comes from the mic and then transitioning into a guitar solo from there upbeat music.
uses the selfie stick to paint himself and a couple of other people around him.
continues skiing until he reaches the end and only people who are very loud speak to him.
also slides backwards, performing balanced flips, and then lands with his feet located on the padded floor.
performs one last trick on high, this time with an upper hand but he misses again and fly.
he done jumping is jumping from a long rope and once again it replays itself in slow motion.
rises again and runs to the tree and jumps between the jump ropes and lands on a red border trampoline and does a flip.
then flips off of the bike, and lays in a crumpled heap on the ground.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
shakes up the product before applying it to a sponge.
then begin to fight one after the other.
then see the front of the building with flags and a memorial.
is repeated in slow motion in front of him in a cardio room filled with exercise equipment.
finishes, sits the bar, and gets up.
is the most impressive, with the athlete clearing the bar again.
are standing next to them watching.
, the young man throws the girl the bat and kicks her three times, and then he continues spinning, then throw the pinata.
then presses off the bar.
roll rolls in circular motion around inside tubing tubes.
is standing in a concentration beam while holding a gold stick, and then put the stick on his abs and start to demonstrate how to perform a balance beam exercise by lifting the bar and then skip forward and backward from back.
continues to talk and then walks back and fourth and demonstrates more mikan drills that involve using an electric drill to drill through a coconut in a board with a handle.
is done with the drills he's talking again and the outro appears with his contact information and a subscribe button while a small video shows some of his other skills.
rides bikes are played.
continue skateboarding until the end and stands.
is finished licking its paw, the dried off part of its fur and off of its black nails.
remains where it is and has a large bite of its own.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
begins to leave and it picks up a towel to rub its ears and it begins to leave again.
are talking into the camera pointing place an their hands.
dries off the shoe using a towel.
shakes his foot with music and the camera follows the movements.
pans around and shows a woman moving around in a jump rope machine.
, the child slope down the ice to get to the hole.
throws the pole off into the field while others on the side watch.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed while other people are interviewed.
see a person add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a man lift a bowling ball.
turns around and runs the other direction.
then the two continue to stir the contents in the bowl and eating the mix and placing them on a pan. once the cookies
are done, both of the girls take a break and then finish their food and put it on the plate.
are gear shoeing down the hill with an equipment strap on.
explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
tosses the bar up in the air.
zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder, taking deeper and deeper breaths.
on the camel are leading it while a man holding a microphone, also a man talks in the microphone and then runs behind the camels to continue leading the camels.
tries to ride the camel but the camels legs just keep kicking.
explain a once again proper footdanced routine, on one knee.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
comes into the kitchen and pours some water on to a milk jug from a small window.
then pours the salad in another bottle and puts it on a plate next to her.
gives her approval and the lady pats her hand.
finishes and takes out her purse and pulls out a tissue.
pours seasoning onto the salad.
throws the salad towards the potted plant.
pours it through a straw into a glass and washes it down with a cup of soda water.
pours all of the ingredients into a bell shaped brown pot that has soap inside.
, she pours and each drink a glass of the liqueur.
pours the drink into the shaker and mixes it from the shaker.
finishes grabbing the dog and putting
throws a ball into the air.
fills a plastic tub with clear liquid.
cuts tiles for a house to look clean.
ends with credits and action figures on the screen attached to a fridge.
is playing the acoustic guitar with his eyes closed.
drops them onto the barbell and walks away.
reels in a jack o lantern.
play a game of table tennis by the fire.
continue hitting the ball back and fourth to one another while one throws the ball up in the air and runs away.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before letting go to fetch another one.
speaks then he climbs on top of a tree with
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
continues piecing out the parts while looking off into the distance.
, the woman cross the finish line and people help her.
reach the winner, the people laugh and compliment the woman who is unconscious on the floor.
collects people in a room.
are then seen diving into the water, hitting the bulls back and fourth as well as playing a game of volleyball and cheering along.
continues mopping mopping tapping the wooden floor.
comes back and starts mopping in the kitchen.
returns and mops on the counter.
continues talking as she plays the harmonica.
puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced.
continues smoking with his mouth open and leads into him getting up and speaking to another man as well as smoking cigarettes in a conga line.
fill their gear on sith an get ready to catch the fish.
come out to fish from the ice, looking back as they go down the mountain.
then fish larger fish out because it is easier with big fish.
takes a potato and feeds it to an e-tag fish lying on their ice.
feed the fish he just caught.
then glue new fish scales onto the sides of the fish.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
releases the fish swimming free in the large body of water.
adjusts the cone for the child.
tries to buy the kid more candy.
proceeds to trim the woman's hair.
proceeds to dry her own hair.
cuts away to him jumping off of the horse and pulling a woman off.
turns back to the horse standing in the warm weather and he is commentating on what he's doing.
although his name is jeff schmidt, and then again with him is zack zuff.
play and rotate between the two of them.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then puts the cement on the floor and goes back to hammering the concrete.
, he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
pans over the raked up leaves while several others discuss their hard work.
goes into a puck fight.
pulls a fish out of the hole.
pulls a rod out of the hole.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
shows the team how to properly clean and lather their feet, washing them and rubbing them down.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's another woman in the congregation singing and the other woman is standing next to her singing.
is another woman laughing with the other man.
man pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
continues to explain the various positions of the climbing tube as well as shooting it up high in the air.
returns to talking to the crowd.
adds an oil to the item, and we see the packaging.
puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
finishes tapping the violin to the side while the camera captures him from several angles.
lifts his t-shirt above his head then he shows his elbow.
tries to run away and walks in circles.
examines the instrument in his hand.
brushes the instrument's red owner.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
pumps and displaying to the camera two little black turns around 5'10 " and begins jogging down the course.
uses trowels and strikes a tree.
stand and wave next to a customized bus.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
raise their mouths and raise their mouths to the camera with their own mouth.
perform flips and backwards handstands.
spin around in the air and throw their hands up.
then starts playing a clarinet, while holding the instrument, by moving her hand to the front not at all provoking the girl's advances.
then gives an triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
finishes, the girl moves closer to the camera on her knees while holding a cylindrical object and then straightens her legs out and stops her bow.
puts distance between them, another man joins him and begins skiing and falling off.
, the man makes it to the last slope before another man appears on his gloves and nobody notices.
throws it back in front of her and then continues smoking.
wearing a helmet and hooded sweatshirt runs beside the other dirty or dirty bikers, followed by his younger body of sea-wort that hangs from trees from his chest.
take off running down the track.
returns to face the camera and the man i just talked to begins doing some woman talk about gardening.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
seems to be talking to the camera when suddenly the dogs start fighting and punching each other.
throws frisbees, and the small crowd clapping for the performing dogs.
throws the pole in the air as his teammates run around to help him and he fails and falls down.
is done the man takes off so fast the lawn mower resumes mowing again before stopping and holding out his hand and ending the video.
finally signs an order and raises his glass.
is standing ide the swimmer in the pool and the both do up the rubik's cubes.
is want to talk about the important part of this ad invest cyou and one person makes the jump to the pool.
continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
throws at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
stops eating, but she continues eating.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
lower the weights over their heads again.
meets in a field and then in a ring with other people.
sail along in the water moving side to side.
cut through deep ramps into rapids.
rubs soap onto the women's legs and rubs them with her hands.
looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
takes the soap clean out of the water as she's smiling to the camera.
jumps from the trampoline onto a mattress and begins moving around in a circular motion towards the end.
then uses an old pipe to adjust it and uses more wood and cement to smooth it down.
is standing in front of an exercise wheel with a child sitting on top of his head, the kid waskanda thumbs in the mouth and the child throws the kid off and drinks water.
points to all of the materials the furniture is made from while holding a bowflex gun.
discusses to other persons about the rafting experience.
spits it into a bin and rinses his mouth in purple mouthwash.
see a man wipe the back of his head.
hits the ball though the bases and talking to the other players.
puts a cloth on a branch as he cuts.
in a red shirt is practicing dribbling and hitting the ball with a stick.
comes into focus and she begins sharpening the knife with difficulty before finally slicing the paper into four pieces.
fills her shaker up halfway with ice and then she adds vodka and chambord and she puts one ounce of both of them and then she adds a little bit of pineapple juice and cranberry juice.
shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
and ackle man take turn to jump in the stilts.
is standing in front of her, assists her with the help of her waist.
continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
further explains benefits of the workout with an elliptical.
continues to talk about the difference between using the exercise machine and using a friend.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get
zooms in on the girls water polo and the girl speaking gets toward them and throws the ball.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
looks to be expert help from someone and he is smiling a lot.
then throws a long pole across the distance in slow motion and watches himself jump into the sand.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
then shows a picture of the scarf.
is then mention with text on the screen that it can lead to high blood pressure it is then mentioned that it can hurt your hair growth and that it doesn't have any vital nutrients in it.
gets finished quickly, then a video of a woman in a sweater is shown and then individual cut hair is displayed on the screen as she continues talking.
informed of the difference difference is shown and it featured several clips of shopping lists on sitcom hosts.
puts the machine on the grass and picks up some leaves to put on the lawn mower.
cookies then shows off the cookies in the oven and shows off the camera.
mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan. she
comes back congratulating himself.
and take a break.
, a person surf on the waves created by the boat, after the man water ski jumping and flipping high.
, the toddler and dog roll to the rear, while the toddler stand then rinse his dog using the water, then the dog stand then head jump.
performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
are shown of the crowd cheering and showing the girls swimming successfully.
continues playing basketball while looking forward and stopping to speak.
is then shown of a woman crying.
is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of a and its talking and playing the guitar.
are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard.
are celebrating is guiness.
girl pours pasta across a plate to serve the girls and plays with the girls hair.
pour the mixture into a pan, put it in the oven, then shortly take it out some time after.
throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back.
continues to play and dogs fetch around the man.
hit his hand on the back a bull and after the punch, the other man started to read the book.
wave at spectators, front and back.
put their mouth on a towel.
rub their faces together.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
push the trashcan next to them to celebrate.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a boy rollerblading.
is outside pretending to be a hockey player.
is a tennis court and a tennis court on the side.
is cutting the grass with a yellow, reusable light green plastic tool.
is trimming the lawn in a back and forth motion, moving the trimmer horizontally across the grass.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
is cleaned, the men move towards the back spraying the vehicle and come back to spray the rim and go back to the trunk to get all of the spots.
is narrating the action.
is give yourself a break till the movie time.
manipulates the objects and applies plaster around the corners and vigorously pokes holes and mortar chips.
and man reload their guns and take more turns.
punch each other with one man winning.
falls out of the net and the game ends.
continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
on the left reaction to a song by lisa anthony and the older girl on the left react to the song by annie jones.
resumes playing the violin for laugh.
win continuously and the older sister then gets more practice and even stops playing.
falls off of the rope on the side along the side.
finishes when they reach the bottom and press their nose mask in.
then rides together floating through the tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues to play with another and ends by hitting a button on a device.
celebrates with other people and his same jump is shown several times in slow motion.
see people getting their bikes put together.
stops to stop and grab a change of clothes and start playing.
prepares to run down a track. He takes off running, vaulting himself over a bar and onto a mat.
continue knocking others down while laughing to the camera and leading into clips of people chasing the loser down in a field.
, you see them on the field playing a game and later talking a little bit about it.
bring yarn to knit and talk about it a little bit.
are encouraging one another as they continue to play the game.
strikes a match on the ground, lighting it.
lets the wrapping paper fall away from the box at the end.
critique her and she runs away happy and skipping out of the building.
consulting with the referee and seeking help, the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
then put their sneakers on and get on the santa outfit.
returns and sprays his hair to complete the haircut.
continues speaking failing into a microphone while holding a pose.
then goes into a house and shows another man getting down on dirt.
are talking about the tango dance.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
falls off and another athlete steps up and plays with the men.
flips several times before finally throwing the javelin into the air.
does his routine while shaking the bar and jumping, it goes into a routine until break time.
puts his cone in front of the camera.
throws something at the boy with ice cream.
come back onto the screen from his video.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
on horses run fast through the finish line, and then a derby takes place.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
throws down and picks up a large weight.
flips over the bar and lands on her back.
is then seen speaking to the camera while riding on a horse.
finishes speaking and puts a yellow tarp over the baby.
continue talking and putnam the kids are getting ready one by one to run to the goal.
hit the ball to began on the circle.
smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel.
demonstrates by removing a separate article of clothing from a couch and shirts from a board.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
sharpens the knife on a minnie mouse and puts it back in the sharpener and keeps sharpening and speaking to the camera.
, the boys remove their equipment, apply shirts to the foot of a bench positioned between two walls.
performs batons in the air.
picks up a bottle of do flips.
pours some of the lotion onto her hands and rubs it on her face.
then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
hits the skateboard onto the ground.
lifts a ball up into the air.
rushes up and throws the weight onto the field.
see a man in a beard as he ref naels.
seems to be a popular one as he works out.
then begins playing the harmonica throughout the entire song and ends by adding a bow.
returns to his station.
speak to the camera.
transitions to a man and woman speaking about shoes.
then finishes the brush and straightens his hair.
finishes playing and exhales a lot of smoke while turning the harmonica off.
is in a rink skateboarding on a hill while another boy watches him.
arrive in a stadium to a sunblue basketball court.
do wakediving ieds on a pool and a team and stands in front of the far side of the pool.
lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down.
continues shaking the bar and ends by holding a pose in the end.
holes and pulled a from a hole in ice and wiped it with a rag.
then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
fish out of the hole and attempts to catch some more.
watch as two men run in and demonstrate throwing knives at one another.
throw an object off into the distance.
beat the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates.
gets on the bike and starts working out.
lifts up the bar of the bike.
raises a blue barrel, sits down, grabs the barrel and begins to squeeze the stiff barrel hard and then lifts his hand casually up and down to flip the barrel.
is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
are several players holding tennis rackets using the tennis racket to return
serves the ball to the opponent in white.
in gray tries more of the serve and fails every time.
are standing in front of the table watching.
performs a routine in front of spectators, two of them wearing white sweatsuits.
lifts the bar and is seen demonstrating how he performs, pausing on each bar to measure the weight.
then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
accidentally cuts the green onion and several shots of the cutting board, knife and its spot is shown.
happily watches his ice cream being prepared.
rubs his head and is relieved.
shakes the box in the fabric and ties it up.
see the box in person from a distance.
then put two bottles in a bag and tie it.
then play a game while the camera shows them all completing the turn at the end.
