is ripping level tiles off.
walks to a barbell. She bends down and grabs the pole.
are driving the canoe, they go down the river flowing side to side.
stands on his hands and springs.
turns his body around on the mat.
does jump jacks on his stick.
seems to be singing while playing the harmonica.
push a child in a speedboat in the water.
takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone.
eventually brings it back into view and adds it to the smaller ones to make a small triangular shaped piece.
uses a small brush to polish one of the stone pieces.
then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.
takes the frog on his hand and tickles the back of it.
is covered to the boy that is playing there.
dips the ball and walks back with the boy and pours detergent into a cup again.
is then seen sitting alone as she eats a cold brown ice cream.
take turns jumping on each other like they are performing karate.
continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
are finished, they jump up and down happily and walk off the stage, exhausted.
then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.
walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
member stands looking into a hut and then handing people photographs.
goes to the bathroom and isn't able to get very far.
are shown as she continues to dance around on the hardwood and every move makes a lash on her face.
, she begins to brush her lips and make painted lips look just like a lipstick to the camera and ends with her closing gift and instruction showing her off at the end.
chase a bird in the sky while others walk around.
is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.
walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.
brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.
laughs at the children dribbling water.
crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.
eventually throw the arrow, but it flew into the gravel is near the targets.
does this multiple times until a pale orange moon appears overhead.
comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.
eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.
is on ocean and swimming in white water snapping his head.
see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.
see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.
begin to wrap red bow around the plastic cups, put bows on the bottoms _start_various objects on the foam covers and belongings to the floor.
rush walks up in front of the boys, removes a small piece of paper from the bottom of the table, puts a hand on the machine and wrestles with buttons.
continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
in grey sweater and black pants talks about the procedures on grooming dogs in life and techniques.
speaks to an older man about snow cleaning dogs and showing how it is flectious.
, the child takes out the fork the other child takes out the spoon and eats the ice cream.
hold the child and eats the ice cream, after the woman is giving baby ice cream to the child.
is talking to one of the men in the middle of the gym.
starts at their butt rise, combing out the hair with a brush from a red.
, the person grabs polish paste and water to polish the shoe.
then begins marching down a fitness track, demonstrating steps, going forward and backward in between takes several breaks to lift their feet.
presents the knife one last time while still speaking to the camera.
and woman dance around together on the stage.
plays his guitar while moving his body around in front of the band.
show of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
march around a room wearing funny hats, hats, and shoes.
, the gymnast moves around and flips the chalk power to full weight and continues gymnastics for the next competition, after he turns and stands near the pommel horse.
, the gymnast puts fluid on the pommel horse and sit on it to rise the body while position it.
is pushing a kress of water in a lake while instructing his boarder.
demonstrates how to properly back up a hand surf by requiring an anchor.
sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.
walks around the rail of the tracks and watches the scenery and the crowds of people.
plays in a house while the woman looks on.
then brushes right through the window and cleans it off.
spins around to show the different angles of the board and shows pictures of the house in the end.
does numerous tricks as he goes through these beauty course courses of ice covered lakes.
finally reaches the surface.
walks out of the bathroom laughing to the camera and the girl stands up to rinse her face off.
hands a young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attention.
pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him.
smiles into the camera while playing and continues playing the song while several people bend down to tip her and walk around her.
then cuts up a piece of bread, scoops out the insides, and fries up some meat.
adds flour to a baking pan.
then throws the pin while others watch on the sides.
wets the garment and scrubs it with a cloth.
places a pair of pants into a bucket.
quickly picks up and irons, flames dancing over the clothing.
is wrapping a box.
strokes the cat's head.
takes the cat to the other room.
does this in the beginning while using her foot and one hand to move around her body.
becomes more involved in the ballet, she does a final dismount to bring her elbows down and her upper body straight.
is replayed, ending with the young lady clapping her hands joyfully.
cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
see the mans silver car gliding by in the background.
finishes and turns off the wipers.
drops it onto the floor where it gets stuck.
throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
then goes right side up and shows a lot of scenery on the left side.
is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water.
is mowing the yard next to the bushes.
then puts lotion in both of her hands and rubs them along your knees while the instructor washes them.
takes a quarter of an inch of the device and holds it against a piece of cake.
pokes the vacuum nozzle in the top seam of the vacuum cleaner and adds fuel to it while still keeping the vacuum nozzle up.
gets up and starts brushing the blade.
stands up from the chair and walks towards the stairs before finally leaving the room.
grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance.
turn the knife to sharpen the other side and then wipe it with paper towel.
pulls the ball up on the court while still speaking to the camera.
kneels down on a mat while holds up an aerosol can.
placed his feet on the pole and then hold it, then jumped from the pole on the poles stop and put his hands on his knees.
lifts his legs and pulls the bar up on his body and lifts the weight above his head.
finally lifts the weight over his head over his own head.
are wrestling at the ring as people are seeing them.
then heat paint and paint more followed by smoke and zzing.
finish and walk into each other holding a pose and cheering.
push the cups of at the sea floor and the sea floor begins to rise.
see a blue wedge and see a boy wearing a cap underwater.
see a fin enter the camera.
flours out of the tube.
puts a pants and a shirt into the sink and dries off.
camera follows the pack as they chase a dirt bucker.
pans between the playing couples.
pick up sticks and start the match, alternating back and forth.
grabs them and whips them apart.
is surfing as fast as he can on the water as the waves crescendo.
kept one arm raised up and the surfer in front of him raise his left arm.
are seen drilling holes as well as swimming around in the water.
then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance.
, the young man stands up to demonstrate how to play, after he plays in stairs.
walks across the court with the ball and keeps walking then pulling the girls to the other side of the court and the girls begin playing volleyball rhythmically rolling on the floor as the coach helps them follow how to properly do things.
is holding cored soap in his hand as he washes with a bottle.
is standing next to a man scrubbing the floor.
takes a bucket, large hose and goes in the sink with it.
mops through the room in between the people.
is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
bounces and throws the ball evenly evenly to continue the game of tennis against the two balls.
bounces again and hits the net multiple times.
is wearing scuba gear in a hole in the ice at lake hriton.
shows a strap on and checks it out.
is throwing a ball for his dog to catch.
triumphant throws up his arms and walks off alone.
are shown putting on before a competition.
then pitches a ball down a long slide and walks away looking triumphant.
, the cooker prods the discs to make some dough inside while demonstrating while painted the floor.
, he cuts a slice in two and put them in a pan.
fall, a large dog wearing a blue cape covers his face.
gives a kiss to a man and then look at a table a woman is using, then a woman shows something white on an tin.
, people sit and play foosball and are shown during the show.
pumps the pole and wire up higher and the man kneeling on the ice pulls the fish out of the ice water and puts it onto the ice.
is then kneeling on the ice and the men fly up and fly as far as possible.
is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates, scoring.
gets up and walks towards the camera.
, a man sits and maneuver the canoe while other men sit.
, the men throw the canoe into the water, while one of them holds the paddle with his right hand.
are sitting in buckets on a blanket on the hill.
are pouring snowballs into tubes as they go down the hill.
comes to a stop on a hill of snow.
then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
shows how to put a hole in a wall using a drill.
walked along a beach, talking with people, trying to court a ball.
finally dressed in a black shirt walked over and joined the men talking about the tennis racket.
finishes and gets up.
taps his shoe while playing the violin.
holds an harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
of swimming are in the swimming pool watching him play the violin.
zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car, then the camera moves to show the left side of the car.
appear and one stands next to the car and the other follows behind.
gets on the machine and starts riding it.
takes off on a bright course.
rinses his face with water from the body of water.
is washed first gently with soap.
is a clean car wash video.
is shown and a young female is sucking on a cigarette.
are shown on the screen leads into a woman putting makeup on herself.
tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
is sitting in the bushes watching the woman.
shows off how many he has in his coat and continues talking.
takes a cloth in her hand and prints the sheet music.
puts on hair gel and brushes on her face.
are being put into elongated pupil holes.
keep jogging, coming in at the end of the race.
them a carton of milk, estes laughs and their mom feeds the boy.
inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
are covered hip hop and dressed in purple and red leotards as the individual rhythmically spins around.
swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
flowed around the ends of the ramp, while the people observe and applaud.
then open the hole with a rod and let the ice out into the ocean.
splashes into the hole bigger and bigger as the others continue to pull the string one by one.
play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other.
throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
see the man make his shot and see a title card.
see man pull back the cup and drop a dart down the grass.
finishes her playing and everyone applauds.
is riding on the road on its belly.
, the boy rides on the skateboard with turned legs.
screams in pain and the man finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera.
shows several different ways to clean a sink during a wash and is seen staring into the camera.
washes the other clothes in the sink and several more people walk by.
grabs fabric to dry the clothes and shows how they fit him comfortably.
walks a mower across very tall growing grass.
runs in circles where the dog is his mate.
see a guy hold a blue frisbee in the air and tell that the dog has a pink frisbee and we see its pink feet.
is running around catching the frisbee the lady throws.
see five still shots of jesse jumping in the air.
immediately shits in pain while having a hard time catching the frisbee.
moves all around while there is a crowd watching.
never stops, trampling the grass and clipping it back.
, leads into a dirt track.
is standing with a muffin and a small bowl of frnt and poke holes of the frnt, putting the frrt under the muffin before eating it.
appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
reach the end of the yard, she looked around and started to turn around and walk back to the beginning.
reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
has to jump down onto the shuffleboard to keep from tumbling down.
take turns as they volleys the puck around in the air.
are together in a diving pool, putting on mask.
are shown inside a black gym swimming.
are placed into a glass of liquid and cut along skin.
then cuts down the back of the hand of the person wiping and dressed in white suit.
takes an sponge and scrubs an arm using the sponge.
sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
held up are shown with several shots stopping in the end and showing up in the end a winner.
of people playing are shown while more paper towels are passed all around.
takes the lip stick out of her mouth while in the bathroom and begins brushing her teeth while still speaking into the camera.
breaks open the beer can and throws it as far as he possibly can before a backup customer proceeds.
then puts the can down, twists the cap off and pours the alcohol into a cup in front of him.
then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
lays the wall paper down while she is still looking beautiful and then she is shown and she is getting into the shower being sprayed with a lemon.
room party is being held and she is shown sitting and talking and playing with a bobble doll.
after she is back to applying white paint on the wall.
still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
are shown as well as men hitting and a man showing himself through the game again.
wearing an orange jacket falls over from the fall, they help him up.
soldier in a yellow blue uniform is carry the flag of the fitters.
is standing in front of a car and is playing them from the bottom of his shoe watching the people driving the cars around.
and a woman stand on the basketball court facing the court, and the video narrates the mid-day drills.
watch on the sidelines as the young men on the court make some best strikes with sticks.
then fades to fade to a pitch black.
finishes the violin and grabs a violin from underneath her.
puts her hands on her head while talking for the camera and a few more well placed shots play.
gets off the mat and drops to the first mat and leans into the air before hitting it again with her hand.
gently glides the paint brush along more of the furniture making white lines on the fine rectangular piece of furniture.
then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to an black marketing graphic.
then grabs pink lip stick and takes the girl's lip stick.
puts gloss on her lips place a liner in her eye and smiles to the camera.
stands upright and wipes her face with her hands while smiling.
then begins tugging the slide on his little body while working his way back and fourth.
, before he finishes his performance, another video holding about 100% of them show him jumping over deep humps inside a building and talking to the camera.
clamp a strap on the bike and let it sit around a dusty bike rack.
bike gets down on one knee, the people then fasten the seat with safety bars.
is pushed back on the rack and the travel holder under the seat.
beat the cymbals and drums very fast.
then finishes setting up with his sticks.
picks up several bags of flowers on top of the flower bed.
pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
then has the camera close up to show her back turning.
, the camel picks up the woman and hold her while she looks behind while walking.
dips it into paint and paints while the woman continues painting.
is in stairs ice climbing and here is a man catching trash in the woods and the boys are in the road getting fixed.
begins to pull on the skis.
picks up a cherry cone.
is holding a tire in a child's playground.
is stepping on a blue mat sitting on a bed and a man is jumpin behind her.
points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
are seen playing a game on a beach with one another and back again at one point axl aff wins up against one another.
are playing volleyball on the beach.
climbs along backwards on the rails and we see her jump straight off of the side of the chalk.
also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
start to play tennis as they attempt to catch the balls.
's a player in a blue and white uniform shooting the ball for a point and scoring a goal.
sings her song right into the microphone followed by dancing gracefully and holding her body up and facing the audience as she finishes.
then pauses to speak to the audience.
stay on the stage with the violinist and dance in a salsa style.
, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
lifts it up to her chest and holds it tightly.
throw the grass they cut back behind them.
are going at it kind of quickly, they seem like very bored little kids with nothing else to do.
walks back around and stands on a pair of stilts before jumping over the beam two times.
then pauses for a second to kiss the ground next to him.
are shown of the athletes performing tricks in various stretches as well as throwing a ball off into the distance.
grabs the barbell, turns it around and hooks it up.
throw it and another woman joins.
's a young man dressed in a blue polo wo, green shirt and black trousers standing at the polo table rubbing a green coated straw.
is trotting on the horse across the field.
, a large group of polo players walk along side a blue plate moving their passes around before moving forward with their horses.
jetskis back and forth while swimming in the water.
then see a man do a high jump at 5'9 ".
then see the man jump at 6'2 " and he knocks the pole over.
holds a ball on a chain.
turns to face right.
flashes into black giving the man a face show.
runs across the court, knocking other people to the ground.
kick the balls at the basket.
, a teen throws the ball on the field and they all runs and celebrate after the game.
wearing black santa claus suit give the ball to one of the young teens who take it, while his mother pushes the round ball to the other direction.
, the young man plays the soccer ball, and the boys walk with the soccer ball.
jumps at the end and runs towards a beam with arms up before jumping up and down.
comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
moves closer to the camera so that you can see the detail of what he is doing with his hands.
puts on quite a show attempting to move the grass and swing his body around.
then zooms out and you can see him making notes on another piece of equipment.
gets up and starts jumping rope.
holds on tight as he is pulled through the water.
spins himself around the boat several times and continues skiing away.
young girl is seen scrubbing a small dog down with soap next to a tub full of water.
appears to its red and green color, which brings the man back on the field.
runs to catch a blue, large ball.
jumps in a rhythmic manner without stopping on the hardwood floor surface.
moves in a rhythmic manner without stopping on the hardwood floor surface.
, the man raises almost 90 kg weight above his head.
turns around in floor on the street to present their instruments.
then appear and begin to demonstrate how to spin their area.
begins to use a fast sort of machine that moves swiftly and gracefully.
then hand down the final results of class.
runs and jumps across a mat.
walks over to the spectator for a closer view.
lifts the weight up to his chest and jumps back down to grab it off the ground.
is smiling while skiing down a hill, suddenly he stops and walks towards a house.
then throws a ball down onto the mat.
lifts it up to his chest and rests it against his shoulder.
then places her face in an ice cream cone and leans over to show every part of her teeth and watching them go down.
then opens a hand mirror and tubs a wet cloth, which she pours into her mouth and animates.
reaches behind his head and moves his back while smiling.
and the boy ride around on their horses, grab several up a horse and throw them back to the dirt.
the end the man jumps on the horse and ties him up and walks off to finish something.
appears and the couple horses are shown individually, in different amounts, in different locations, and then slides down to the bottom on the table where a sign informs viewers how they should get on the horse to prepare for a ride in the saddle.
places the hands back into the dessert.
hands the child something from a purse.
eventually is seen applying a gel and being shaved.
lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
walks up and sits down next to him.
walks into the bathroom with her hair down.
places lipstick on her lips and smears it on her cheek.
brings out shaving cream and scrubs her face with it, then does some more.
are in place, he begins walking towards the goal and doing several kicks.
, a person throws a rope to the ground.
continues moving her body around while taking breaks and moving her hands in the air.
goes near the end, the boy jumps off and picks it back up.
piercing drill is in her lip and she is getting a piercing.
are getting ready for the sporting event in an outdoor setting on a bright sunny day.
in swimsuits are walking on the tight rope on the beach.
's a boy on the end of the rope getting attached to a higher rope.
gets under the shower spray, kissing the dog on the face before stepping back out.
is another little puppy running around the dog and a little kitten too.
takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog.
's done washing, she wipes him dry with a towel.
bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body.
becomes enraged by the bath and runs towards the door.
added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
puts cream on her face and applies it on a hair rod.
's done, he shows off a close up shot before throwing in a print and showing the finished product.
stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
continues scooping out the ingredients into a bowl and another woman holding a box appears with her hands.
are seen speaking back and fourth and continue to move around a racetrack.
appears and disappears under the water as she swims in an olympic sized pool.
, the old man room next to the sailboat by himself.
does a layup on his stomach.
are playing a really good game, one of the girl lands right on her stomach.
performs a flat weight fall in the gym instead, then also he stand and use hands to support himself, he does the horizontal balance, then he flips and lands in the gym next to other men.
then see her from the backs as she is getting ready with her hair down.
is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
appears and wipes the cat's back with a red cloth.
looks down and holds the cat's arm as-if to inspect the tattoo.
is sitting on the back part of a van is putting the stilts on his feet.
looks in a little mirror, then grabs a cone from the table.
picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
walks over and lifts up the ball.
paints a set of solo cups around with a rag while a dog watches on.
begin walking on the bridge again and the sexy figure moves the cups on table, while more persons switch places, and they all move their cups around, intermittently, with the woman in the middle.
struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
follows one man to the ground, but is blocked by a garbage can and one man surrounds him with objects.
are text across the screen that say " hi, what's up, matt ".
finally begin, the girl on the left wins but she is quickly stopped and they have to restart and the same girl wins again.
lifts the side tire of the mower, and then rolls it onto the grass.
wipes her face down with substances and lotions.
seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times, each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it.
ensure and then jumps over the pole and does somersaults once he's standing directly over it.
knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
holds onto a rope as they ski down the mountain.
gets on his hands and knees to dig the hole.
's a scoop of ice cream and he eats it and grabs a small shovel.
one holds a fish over the hole and once he gets it down he swims towards the camera.
opens her mouth and a drop of eat the ice cream all over her face.
both seem to like ice cream and both boil water to have off of it.
are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.
are beverages in a rainbow colored bowl, while a person drizzles oil down from a sieve.
are shown running back and fourth.
starts by making a right turn and taking a long trip and going in a small circle toward the landing point.
appears at the gate, then he is held up by his opponents.
spins a ball under the yellow cones.
then play a game of soccer with one another, running up and down the sandy field while coaches yell on the side and a goal is blocked.
goes to an indoor pool, and shows how to do a splash dunk.
then picks up some tagine and puts that on the screen, words flash across.
is also seen sitting on a bench speaking to a woman who begins to pass the pitcher back and fourth.
are shown playing guitar while the man plays more drums.
is also enjoying herself dancing with another male and she seems very into what she's doing.
are walking around as they play together, as if they are in sync and hoping the opponent will call a halt.
moves around the crushed grass on his lawn mower.
is a man made knife sitting in a wooden bowl sharpening a bowl with a knife and another using a piece of iron on a fabric.
once the show up.
show how to use the bottom of a bowl to sharpen, afterwards cutting a tomato and at the end a website address is shown.
then begin milling around the gym while audience members see their shoes.
run, they pass two teams of players who have long lines and a large number of spectators watching or cheering them on.
from numerous small kids, there is another man on the street while some other people still sport marmalade from their garbage.
, a large green group of people on a dirt bike appears, cut, ready and they all are waiting for the talking with a ripple of dirt in the ground.
rides around on the board a lot hitting water balls and laughing with one another.
throws the leaves off into the distance.
kneels down and puts what he is raking on the ground.
swirls the cut grass around and cuts the side down to size for flowers.
she adds a lot of shade of red and some yellow.
put the ladies on their shoulders and flip them into the air and spin then do arm wrestling as people run running up.
stands on a foosball table and throws his legs up in the air.
does more flips from the outside and on inside the gym.
holds on tight as the bow of the boat flips and the human sail is lifted up filled with wind.
bounce and flip over a wobbly bar onto a mat.
carry him away and show more clips of people bull fighting.
shows a small tool that he has installed into the bike.
tubes are filled with limes and a plate of limes.
is added to the cup and more limes are squeezed in by hand.
jumped and landed on the gray mat, then the man walked and lay on the mat, then climbed on top.
is washing dishes in the sink.
stands and walks to the corner, threw money at the player who scores and the video starts again.
is staring off into the distance looking sick as if he's hallucinating.
enters the pan and starts cooking.
is pulling a large shark out of its hole in the ice.
are shown riding on the dune horses as they complete their journey and come face to face with their opponent on the dune horses.
than ritzenhein nyc marathon 2010" appear on a black screen.
on individuals backwards while maintaining his cement soles.
are standing on top of the orange court practicing compete moves.
are skateboarding at night, in intensely bright light of day.
move all around the court shooting at one another with the ball.
does a trick high on his bar, performs a fast warm up run, flames appear in his footwork and the first man offers him a number of times on trampoline till he reaches the end and drinks a lime.
walk in and out of frame polishing different surfaces of the bathroom, brushing their nails, and making cracks.
, the person on the right cleans their face with a pink toothbrush and also cleans their other face.
places a bowl of the lemons into the water and raise the lemon above the sink and then pours water on the lemons.
squeezes juice from the lemons and adds sugar and water.
are sitting on the sidelines watching the game.
lifts his foot up to brush the shoe.
kneel back down and hold a pose.
steps up and hits the man holding him down while twisting and making several kicks with the man's help.
continue playing table tennis and another runs up to help out and falls down before they are won.
is practicing wrestling in a gym.
then hands the mouthwash to a young man.
scrubs down two surfboards and then wrap a towel around the top.
breasts is standing in a room talking.
then straps a loop of gold metal onto the handle of the knife and tightens it to cut the metal and leans forward to prepare the bend.
points and sits next to the knife down.
spits it out onto his hand.
she presents flowers and they hug.
is seen a a distance away.
is using a blue pump to pump blood into his feet.
, she jumps, spins and flip making the splits while the man watches.
is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
throws the shingles at the roof to clean it.
comes and stands on the stage next to him.
is shown of a group performing together as well as outside.
then shovels some white powder all over the chair.
is turning off the man put more dry branches.
jacks up the boot and then puts it back on the table.
then sail the boat across a river.
then jump down the side of a bridge.
he has some snow on his shovel to serve against the snow.
is bent on his knees and suddenly he jumps up to his feet, but keeps his knees bent while he squats low to the ground continuing to talk.
then puts his two hands on the ground, and pushes his feet back to go back on his knees and demonstrates one more time how he jumps from his knees to his toes.
is on his knees in the snow and he is pulling fish from a little hole using a string.
is playing a game of croquette.
enter the field with frisbees and their dogs.
take turns putting their dog down.
shows and puts more contact lenses into her eyes.
is using a squeegee to wipe a shoe.
are running full speed down the track.
race down the hills, making fast jumps into the sand.
see a boy cut open and clean out a pumpkin.
tapes a picture of the man to the pumpkin and pokes holes in the picture.
takes the plastic covered pumpkin and picks up a small knife and using it cuts the legs off of the pumpkin.
shows another pumpkin and puts wax on it then cleans it and puts more wax on it.
continues to surf and seems to have a great self control as he continues to do various jumps and tricks along the grass.
are shown, interspersed with other people bringing down toys in a toy garage.
form a giant circle and begin to race each other.
walks all the way to the end where he jumps off and is seen again sitting on the street.
are running and making jumps in a race track airport.
picks up a bottle of water and takes a drink of the water.
then dance around one another all performing martial arts with one another.
continues to jump and flip around each other and ends by holding a pose and cheering to the camera.
track a ball around the court and lead into a game of dribbling the ball.
continue playing back and fourth while other watching.
play a game of skiing.
walks towards the car and snow clears it.
begins to shave his legs with shaving cream.
are engaged in a game of curl, holding the balls and punching them.
starts knee to knee with the woman on the front.
is running fast and the people behind keep up with his pace.
back and fourth while he dances to polka music in the end.
walks back in and the picture speeds up.
of a man slapping his feet on the sand.
walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
pulls in the last string, he makes sure he has a good bend seated inside the weeds, grabs a rake then slivers the top of the hedge.
are swimming behind a boat.
is standing in the stage watching the man play.
lifted the barbel up to his chest.
taking a bite of the roasted apple he laughs and places it back down, he then begins to do other things as well as his own.
climbs on a horse and ropes a calf.
is riding a horse the dog jumps on his back.
uses a pair of shears to trim and cut grass on an item of equipment.
walk around the grass, cutting it with the tool.
pushes a fish to the bottom of the hole.
picks up the fish in his hand.
ride around the sidewalk and push down at the bottom of the trash can while laughing to the camera.
skates down a set of stairs and off into the distance.
begins to walk up it and then turns back around.
The guy brushes his teeth. The guy drinks a beverage. The guy now fully clothed dances.
is standing in a field barefoot with a stick moving around in front of him, while another guy stands behind him swinging a tennis racket.
is talking he is also being held by being shirtless, and is showing off the number 678 alongside the elliptical opposite him that continues to display the number 779.
, the guy begins to workout on the machine and shows its function, while a man walks back and forth into the room from the side door of the gym.
swims up to the bait and grabs it as the man reels it in.
struggles to get the guitar in play, a cue bird appears in the sky directly on his lap to take away the tension and rock his oar.
takes a pause and then begins playing a song and the lyrics to the song appears at the bottom as well as the notes above them.
jumps onto a set of double ramps.
continues to play and ends by gesturing and smiling.
gets to the bottom of the hill, where he drops off his board.
is shoveling snow from the side and down the sidewalk.
proceeds to wipe down the shiny black car with sponge.
explains the importance of a still to show a product of the same kind of grooming.
adds some soy sauce to the black bean sauce and cranks up the heat.
instead of using the bat to hit the man, he steps on the man's foot and she lets go that spins the girl around so she hits the man.
, she swings the bat at the pinata and she hits the candy out of there, then she takes the blindfold off and swings the bat again getting more candy out.
lifts the barbell up above his head.
lifts the barbell over his head and tosses it onto the mat.
is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
ready is ready the man takes a pain killer that it looks like is made of chocolate chips and the cals don't seem very happy as they collide into the other cakes that are going up and down the scale.
appears and words appear on the screen that say " jackpot eels ".
and competitors begin to fall off their track as they both score a point in one or the other jumps.
stands back up and continues pushing them around.
turns around on the bottom of the cart.
looks away and licks the cone.
then walks out with the ball while speaking to the camera.
throws the ball back and fourth and ends by demonstrating how to tie his shoes.
are shown on what appears to be a ski lift.
walks along a track with a helmet on.
moves its front paw at the camera.
gets a towel and cleans its face.
is placing its legs in a bag.
jump off of a bridge onto a large rock.
then try to kick and move through it.
rub the blue spots on the shoes.
give a kiss on the end and let go.
then holds a person up and shows off his tool.
finally gets the fish up onto the ice and he sees that it is a really big catch.
hurls his javelin down the field then watches.
begin a race during a crowded track.
standing around her and in the corner practicing table soccer.
jumps into a bucket of water and lays on it.
walk beside the boats, guiding them with their oars.
collaborate to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
then become the badminton team, competing in the javelin throw as the crowd cheers loudly.
shapes the mix from the bowl into lumps and places them on a baking sheet.
mix the cookies over the oven with the arm of the baking sheet out and hand shake an the hands of the person holding the bowl.
place a brown paper bag over an oven.
take a glass o milk then chug it.
grab a baking sheet and position it on the oven.
fetchs a kickball and throws it at a goal.
appear as the continues to play with one another and ends with the man embracing others.
chasing the mower stop to watch them.
pushes the mower as far as it will go and jumps over it.
see the stone in the washer and dryer and the instructions are given.
see the lady in red again.
are standing next to the strong waves.
jump over one another to get to the finish line, but each run ends with one missing.
, the man moves jumping the buckets to reach large bushes.
, the man rake some more leaves on the grass until whole.
grabs the bread and slices it up and out then adding the rest of the bread.
measures flour and dough and knits it into a plastic bag.
some more mix, she cuts out shapes to plated and lays out it in bowls and makes a small foil fit over them.
folds them in shape and makes the dough into a sling and a bowl with frosting.
are done baking, she places them in an airtight plastic container for storing for future consumption.
is bent over and has his two hands gripping onto a barbell with two very large weights on the ends of it.
then lifts himself up to grab the bar using both legs and then he jumps onto his arms and holds it for a little bit missing his feet.
, the woman walks to the other side of the yard a man comes to her to help her.
makes a sweat log, then he does the same, after the woman begins to mow around the yard area, the boy come on to help.
sits and drinks from a cup.
watch the people perform and come back to the man still speaking.
in a brown pine chair has his legs attached and other people in the studio are also attached to his legs having to walk on artificial legs.
helped him get away after he was gored in the neck.
rides a bull and score and gets his helmet knocked off by a bull that attacked him.
then ties the strings on the bike while still speaking furiously to the camera and is seen pushing himself along the side.
, a long piece of braided yarn inside, and a little black pail full of apples on a table sitting next to a long wooden bench in front of a white wall on metal, metal table, wooden table, wooden bench, beanbag chairs, wooden kitchen countertop and glass red shade top sponge and white bowl full of chopped apples and green strawberries.
placed the ups on the mixing spoon bowl and stirs, followed by the individual mixing the lemon juice into.
then squeezes the orange juice into the bowl of a lemon.
puts some of the ingredients in small bowls into the mug.
puts sprinkles onto the cake.
breaks a lemon in half.
on a towel and put them into the mug.
walks across the mowed lawn and sits on a bench.
stands and walks back across the lawn.
goes all around the court.
who is in black is running and served the ball.
hits the rope and floats across the field.
, the players stand as spectators, while the girls run and swim.
gets all pumped up and his shiny shoes are getting shiny as he continues to beat on the congas.
is bouncing on the rope and then just falls onto the water.
push the surfer into the side of the water and away from him.
grabs some fish and gets in the water and puts it in a hole.
smile back at each other and dive under the water to fish.
shows how to add detail to a sentence.
playing are shown as well as the rod's dip.
are skateboarding around a city dressed like robots.
does a facing flip and lands in the sand.
dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
reaches for her chin and makes a face.
they are done bouncing, the man in blue returns and bowls it back, which continues to bounce on the table one at a time.
move out of the net, resulting in their loss in a pit of mud.
kneels across from the first guy at the coffee table.
continue to push and kick the man's hands while other boys practice in the background.
celebrate and are seen diving off of a diving board into a pool.
are wrestling in punches and kicking in a ring of mats in front of judges.
are standing next to them watching.
are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
spits it back out in the sink.
dips the knife through the block then dropping it on top of it.
is swinging on a yellow rope while jumping around.
finally fade the cheerleaders enter the pit, make a pile and cheer continuously.
the women continue to hop and spin while the man in the red jacket hold up a flag.
spits out alcohol and spits it back in.
forward walk on the camel.
place their camels in a pile on the ground.
jumps onto two bars. He does a gymnastic bar routine. He does a back flip off and lands on the mat.
pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
is pushing tiles with a tool.
then throws the tiles down on top of the ceiling while continuing to work.
is shown on stage, and a man is quickly playing a violin.
join in on song, hitting into one another with harmonicas and zings.
is added and the woman feet step up to the javelin.
is sprayed on the wooden chair.
repeatedly brushes a hand along the chair as she tries hard to push the mower along.
reveals their palm is covered with dirt from the chair.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
shows the brush bristles now browned.
reclines as the person touches the wood with the cotton pads.
will flow into a small bowl inside the circle.
touch a doll's breast.
sprays lotion onto the shoe.
holds the knife in his hand and a blue piercing outline of the knife is in the center wile the guy is sharpening it.
walks by from behind and gets a quick peek then keeps walking.
begins and the girls do their routine of dancing, jumping, making different line formations and baton twirling as the crowd cheers them on.
then moves around the ground doing swaying motions.
brushes the floor with his hands.
then stands up and walks out the door while the boys continue to play ping pong while the referee speaks to the team.
stands face to face and speaks through his hands before kneeling.
then grab rocks and fish around in the ocean while people watch on the sides.
then flips it the crochet and then plays again, this time moving it to his ankles instead of his hands.
moves around so you can see all the different angles, it looks like the worker is on break he even has a drink like maybe he just had lunch.
are now falling off the roof and they're in a big pile like logs.
shows a little distance being taken for a redo and now it shows a young lady putting screws into an old base and putting glue.
walk around the field and fetch the frisbee that comes in their path.
moves her hands around while holding onto the lens and leads into her demonstrating how to put one in your eye.
takes a test, she shakes them to see how much they will like the curls.
irons the bottom layer of her hair that doesn't have rollers on there and when the roolers cool off she takes them out.
pushes a child down the track while people watch on the sidelines.
then carves out the lines and leads back into the first picture but with the pumpkin as a face.
performs a long jump on a track and into a sandpit in front of judges and onlookers on the sidelines.
shows he gets up from his seat and shakes hands with his name and friends, walks off stage where people applaud and wave him on stage and live photos appear.
of still shots of the man smiling with another man looking on, the man receiving a medal for the long jump, another replay of the jump and a final scoreboards are displayed.
in the middle runs up to the end of it and pulls it back.
are blond haired person in the middle of the scene with only her shirt on.
is an advertisement for go green car cleaning.
run down the track toward the stage.
cheers for them once they finish.
kisses a girl and celebrates.
pushes a scrub into a bowl and rubs it all over various areas.
continue pushing around one another to find other people to play against.
stands in the middle of the camel while walking at a rapid pace as she jumps and flips herself on the camel.
is showing the waters depths growing ever so gradually while cars pass by in front of.
touches the tools as a sign of thanks and several clips of the man are then shown of him cutting, dragging, and grabbing skis.
then cuts the apples with the sharpened knife and leads into another person holding and showing off more knives.
pans around to more people cutting up the field as well as still shots of people moving around.
turns the drill back on and screws it in.
picks up a very big fish and holds it for the camera.
steps in and washes that bucket while still looking up and washing the bucket on his own and ends by speaking into a microphone.
then begins performing several cool along arm springs and repeating herself while looking off into the distance.
plays guitar in an empty room and sweeps the floor with his foot.
begins by playing his guitar nicely and then pauses to show a single strand of hair off in the distance.
is practicing in a gym while he holds a bottle of mouthwash.
uses the selfie stick to paint himself and a couple of other people around him.
shows himself in the snow skiing down the snowy slopes.
is shown kneeling down on the mat after completing the jump on his shoulders where he finally rolls to the mat and lands face down.
performs one last trick on high, this time with an upper hand but he misses again and flies.
is back in the warm body of water again and the young lady in green releases the rope and he falls into the warm body of water once more until he lands into it with a splash and a smile.
smiles while he's jumping through the air, grabs a pose and goes to the girls, flips and lands and then walks away.
kneels next to his car and shows cleaning products.
finishes cleaning the car and puts it away.
rubs the sponge in foam on the cars tires.
begin to stuff the truck with boxes of clothing, which are being thrown on to the ground before they start to wrestle the wrestlers with blankets and rope.
see men playing darts in a gym as people watch.
is in a particular static configuration bordering the mat for a moment, he jumps then quickly swings, and successfully bounces the bar.
returns, but the jump is pointless, he still has practice, and he has never done it.
is the most impressive, with the athlete clearing the bar again.
are hitting a red ball back and forth.
, the young man throws the girl the bat and kicks her three times, and then he continues spinning, then throw the pinata.
then lifts the weight over her head.
are some walk along the beach walking across the ice cream cones and then riding their skateboards past people.
is standing and talking inside a gym as large screens are shown and a woman in a black tank top is giving a tutorial about his exercises on weight lifts, and by the end of the tutorial there is a large group of people learning how to lift weight from overweight people, with a male jogging in a clear green guard surrounded by his trainer on a fenced in vault area.
then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced mikan drills with both balls.
is finished, he runs back to congratulate his balls and congratulate the others.
in sidewalk skateboarding around, doing tricks and making jumps.
does a trick and lands with one foot on the board.
is finished licking its paw, the dried off part of its fur and off of its black nails.
stops licking his left paw and finally falls into a pit of its own food on the ground.
finishes licking its right paw and starts brushing its claws dripping with cream.
is done licking and gets up to the back of the chair laying down on it's back.
catch a large fish and pull it out of the hole.
shows a bottle of powder then places it in his shoe.
picks up a high top pair and wipes it off with the same wet towel.
pans around and shows a woman moving around in a jump rope machine.
, the child slope down the ice to get to the hole.
then runs to the end and walks back to the starting point.
are interviewed in the same setting.
is interviewed while people watch or walk past in the background. Two men are interviewed in the same setting.
see a person add a point by moving a silver bobble.
see a man raise the ball to his mouth and bite.
turns around and runs the other direction.
are full, they add on top of it a vegetable mix.
're done in the oven, they have another batch baked and their dad has a plate to take off next.
are pushing a sled with a rope as the whole of the hill is covered in snow.
demonstrates by demonstrating how to kneel on the floor then continue doing the workout.
takes it for some reason and then shows a different size using the bar.
zooms in to show her any number of different notes.
are leading it while a man holding a microphone, also a man talks in the microphone and then runs behind the camels to continue leading the camels.
is walking next to the camel.
explain a once again proper footdanced routine, on one knee.
get returned they go back to fish digging under the ice and showing the fish they got there in the first place.
grabs a bottle of vinegar and pours it on top of the salad.
drops, paste, mayonnaise, lettuce and bread onto the lettuce and red tomato.
is pulling saran wrap out.
puts some squash in slices and squishes some stuff so it sticks.
is mixing salad into a sparkly glasses, and talking about the whole haircut business.
holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling.
pours the ice in a small glass and squirts lemon juice into the glass.
pours all of the ingredients into a bell shaped brown pot that has soap inside.
she grabs a cup and places it on her lap as she greats from the glass.
then adds a few drops of sugar.
then pets the dog and lights a flame to add some heat and leads back into the dog being tv interviewed and shown off again until it goes back to the other arm wrestling event.
brings a box into the house.
fills a plastic tub with clear liquid.
takes a key from a chimney.
shows the papers on the screen.
cuts his fingers and plays intensely as he plays on the harmonica.
then drops the barbells onto the ground.
walks towards the camera talking.
play a game of table tennis by the fire.
hold out bowls and pans in to one another and point to one another.
leans forward towards another man, who measures the weight on the machine before letting go to fetch another one.
talks then he climbs on top of a tree with a woman.
then lifts the weights over his head and hits a number of full swings before dismounting.
jumps into the pit afterwards and the audience cheers and cries high.
is shown trying to model the seat with a different size of handle.
continues piecing the bike together and pans around the finished product in the end.
, the woman cross the finish line and people help her.
reach the winner, the people laugh and compliment the woman who is unconscious on the floor.
collects people in a room.
are then seen diving into the water, hitting the bulls back and fourth as well as playing a game of volleyball and cheering along.
uses the mop to push all the hair away from his face.
moves around the counter the floor sweep the points near the stove.
mows near a chair to make parallel bars without doing lap tops and he mops near the table.
walks away in the other direction as the girl begins her a piercing at the ear piercing.
then walks the girl and wipes her earlobes. The woman then pierces the girl's ear.
then plays a little piano and sits down to smoke away while continuing to speak and play.
then take their backpacks and they get into the cold water with the fish.
are patiently sitting with their fishing rods till they fish out mid size fish from the holes.
show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
then grabs a rowan semi paintbrush and begins drying the ice.
cut up some malachite, which they trims up and likes.
drop the pieces into a garbage can and we see the end title screen.
cheer as they perform quick jumps and their score is shown at the end.
can be seen swimming around and smiling to the camera.
puts the cone under the boy's nose then in his mouth.
walks the child and a friend to the swimming pool.
hands the woman the brush and blow dryer.
takes the brush take from the mans hand and wets her hair.
turns to a view of a canyon with large rocks around.
turns back to the horse standing in the warm weather and he is commentating on what he's doing.
is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arena
now playing in arenas with horse bites.
finally comes through and it shows both men close up outside bouncing around.
then kneels down and fills a bucket with sand.
of scuba diving he talks and the forseti on the screen shows his location as the man takes time out sitting in a boat.
continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
continuously offer white roses to the man as well as small gifts and a purple shears.
pans around the rest of the yard and leads into a lady putting paper all over his windshield.
moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole.
pulls a fish out of the hole.
points at the camera and smiles.
then throws the fish back into the hole.
is shown massaging cream into her face, then rinsing it off with water and patting dry with a towel.
's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
's a statue of jesus christ right behind them.
are kids behind them also playing their violin.
man pans the harmonica all around the room while he continues to rock back and fourth to music.
is shown climbing a horse back into the room and changing to riding a horse while performing tricks.
finishes his match and runs a towel over his face.
puts the item in the glove box area and leans on the car.
then grab the ladder of the sink.
are seen running around the circle surrounding one another as well as dancing, throwing a man into the air and celebrating.
continues playing while turning red and then green lights begin flashing around and music begins to play.
walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
then begins pointing side to side and panning around.
examines the instrument in his hand.
brushes the instrument's red owner.
finishes warming up and a hood is displayed.
passes the violin on to the person using each key.
pumps and displaying to the camera two little black turns around 5'10 " and begins jogging down the course.
uses a sponge and a trowel to scrub down the side of a tree.
are practicing blow drying her hair.
guides the bald headed man through a maze of slot machines and refrigerators.
are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
jump on top and harness up.
finish jumping and walk towards the judges.
then firmly drops her hands to her side, brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves.
then gives a triumphant wave as she casts a right hand in the air and continues her routine.
circles a couple times several more times, there is still no sign of her ending her gardingaing.
skiis, a small mountain gorilla appears.
, the man makes it to the last slope before another man appears on his gloves and nobody notices.
wipes her mouth down with the back of her hand.
wearing a helmet and hooded sweatshirt runs beside the other dirty or dirty bikers, followed by his younger body of sea-wort that hangs from trees from his chest.
pass the ball to one another and passes the ball to the opposing team.
shovels up the dirt from the side yard down.
complete, he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
puts on a show with the trained dogs.
holds up a bag at his side and dogs inside.
eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole.
is finished, a smaller blue mower comes out and it is pushed away from the lawn.
shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
jumped in the pool but fell into the pool making a big splash.
is impressed siting by the pool and have her hands on her face.
continue to mix ingredients together in pots and pans and finally eat all the food on the table.
walks out of the helmet and we see his face again.
stands up and walks into a blondness salon while other people sit at a salon chair.
makes gabe do slow roll until the cone falls out of her mouth.
drop the weight to the ground.
meets in a field and then in a ring with other people.
sail along in the water moving side to side.
ride their boards slowly through the rough waters.
then uses an one inch razor to shave her legs.
looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
takes the soap clean out of the water as she's smiling to the camera.
then jumps to padded area and throws up her hands, and a man gives her a hug.
then uses a scraper while the tile is being pulled away by a crane.
is standing in front of an exercise wheel with a child sitting on top of his head, the kid waskanda thumbs in the mouth and the child throws the kid off and drinks water.
shows rustic, contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store.
shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
spits it into a bin and rinses his mouth in purple mouthwash.
see the man and ladies in the garage talking.
gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
grabs a bag and kneels on the floor pointing to two pieces of wood.
in a red shirt is practicing dribbling and hitting the ball with a stick.
is then added to the kindling as she picks out small sticks and lights the fire.
demonstrates by mixing a mixture in a baking pan.
adds a quarter ounce of jack daniels and she shakes it and then she pours a garnish into the shaker, then she adds a drop of jack from the shaker to it and glides it right on to the opposite rim.
and ackle man take turn to jump in the stilts.
is standing in front of her, assists her with the help of her waist.
bend down and grabs the handle and begins working out fingers moving it around her body while talking.
continues explaining the mechanics and features, but the lady in the red shirt gets distracted for a little bit.
moves back and fourth while the machine explains how to removed the elliptical section.
once again instructs viewers to follow instructions and get a free licensal so you can exercise more.
pans around the girls playing with one another while juggling balls and leads into one catching a puck and shaking hands.
goes from the top up to the top and back down again.
makes it half way across the wall but the bottom of the wall is still white.
then takes a giant leap into the air and begins performing a gymnastic routine.
ties a ribbon around the bottom edge.
lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it. He ties the end and folds it into double knots.
says " hi martin ", along with " exclusive! "
shows large red bumps over kale, which is some lettuce and lettuce, it has several plastic cleansers in it, and there is gum over there on the counter, and then it goes back to the video for another animation.
shows up with a picture of a man and a woman that are close up a better picture of a yogurt cup.
stops and turns around to hand off the frisbee.
mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan.
bowls the dough into balls and proceeds to hang them on the wall.
does a funny dance in the air.
behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
, more people take off their clothing and do half jumps in the river.
, the toddler, grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog.
gets up and squats as a crowd cheers him on and his large frame begins to spin around with very little exercise equipment on and he begins lifting more weights in the middle of the room.
then lifts the bell over his head while remaining standing and and walks away.
are shown of kids swimming and lie down afterwards while the boy keeps in time with everyone inside the pool.
continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
puts some lotion on her hand. She rubs the lotion onto her face.
is holding a person playing an acoustic guitar.
show playing a game of tug of war.
start dancing and throwing the ball holding all the bowls as score again.
girl pours pasta across a plate to serve the girls and plays with the girls hair.
then pass the clam to each other while holding the bowl.
throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back.
has the dog back to play fetch with the dog while the dog keeps chasing after the frisbee.
is doing a sit up on the floor by the women, he reaches for the woman.
dive under the water, battling each other with their mouths until one guy makes a goal.
bend down and clean large puddles from the floor.
carry on an arm wrestling match.
finish their drink before they finish chugging it.
grab a cup and turn the sink on.
explains while talking while others do the same even though their slower pace.
see a kitchen and a doctor.
falls across the other seat.
is a man wearing white shirt and jungle gym shorts exercising on the green surface.
using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
picks up the newly trimmed patch of grass and starts trimming it.
then drops it down the length of her body slowly.
cover is lifted, the rear plate of the car is covered in white mud and a red bucket is shining away.
kick the leaves to the back of his yard.
is a bike parked next to the house.
manipulates the objects and applies plaster around the corners and vigorously pokes holes and mortar chips.
pushs the billiard stick through the dirt and speaks to the man.
pick up the boy in celebration.
falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
uses the razor to clean and shave a cat on her leg.
begins singing while playing the violins as the girl behind her starts to dance.
showing with the second attempt to hold the bow and with the second arrow.
show their leave after the sister speaks to the younger sister.
sits in an inter tube at the top of a hill then rides down the slope laughing.
rides along the top of the snowy mountains on a tube out of site of others.
then rides together floating through a tunnel and getting stuck on the tubes but eventually out themselves.
continues hitting the ball around while another walks in and jumps on his back.
springs back into the air and lands a high jump into another mans arms in slow motion while the audience claps and the man stands and walks away.
see an image of a man on a machine.
does some movements of her body making her back bend down almost touching the ground while still jamming out on the violin.
jumps up exuberantly, celebrating as the crowd cheers.
continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
there is a boxer wearing white pants and standing in black boxing gloves standing then he swords with another boxer who very easily is his size.
bring yarn to knit and talk about it a little bit.
continue to play numerous game of field hockey.
is bouncing up and down with sticks by her feet.
grabs an egg and circles it with a silver marker.
then ddle the woman while she records and showing off her hair style.
, the third time the person belongs is picked up and dropped off then he moves to another area to play again.
finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
finished, he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
then put their sneakers on and get on the santa outfit.
then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other's watch.
then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera.
pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt.
are dancing very slowly and passionately.
progresses along her journey and ends by turning around and continuing on the floor.
then stand still and each takes turns running down a different road several times as the people watching continue to laugh and then come back down the road in the end.
then runs around another man jumping in and playing with a sand pit and then jumps outside performing various different moves and techniques.
holds the arm of another girl who runs down the track while many watch on the sidelines.
flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
put his cone on the carpet and lay down on the carpet.
teases him with a quick bite of the cone.
come back onto the screen from his video.
then throws the ball around while speaking to the camera and hitting a ball around.
meet at a red light, then they get on their bikes and go on a race track.
continues plastering around the babies face and the baby sticks his tongue out.
bends down and picks up a large weight.
then jumps and swings with her legs.
is seen with a young girl as she speaks.
shows the child mixing another boy's batter while the girl creates her own.
helps a young woman get off the ball and he congratulate her.
make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same.
smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel.
begins to sharpen the knives in a razor l-shaped window.
shows the knife that he will be sharpening next so that he can see the increased sharpening point.
is done sharpening, he is shown laying on the floor and smiling.
puts butter on the sharpener and add meat to it.
, the boys plays a game of dribbling.
dumps her arms out a little bit and then dumps her wand right back in.
shows a bottle in her hand.
holds a bottle of mouthwash and shakes it in her hand.
went outside and played with the kids, talking about what sport they have joined.
jumps off the skateboard onto the street.
grabs a lacrosse ball and throws it onto the mat.
kneels next to him water boarding.
runs past both ways then jumps rope behind the man.
seems to be a popular one as he works out.
then begins playing the harmonica throughout the entire song and ends by adding a bow.
appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
talk while demonstrating jumps and flips.
transitions to the woman speaking to the camera, finished with a title screen and the interview.
then finishes the brush and straightens his hair.
continues playing the harmonica and ends by laying down, laying in the bed with her eyes closed and resting her head on a pillow.
is in a rink skateboarding on a hill while another boy watches him.
are in a brown river and the woman is sitting in a kayak steamer.
is walking wearing a bikini and eating a chocolate is snowy day. People are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
lifts himself backwards and the camera zooms in on his back while the other follows him.
kicks it with his knees while the camera captures him from several angles as the body weight hangs over his head and he throws it down several more times more.
holes and pulled a from a hole in ice and wiped it with a rag.
walks back to the hole to see if he caught anything but his hooks were nowhere near the hole.
pulls a red needle out of the hole and begins going back in to try again trying and pulling some more fish out.
watch and see the man over and over and ends by twirling around.
run around throwing the object around on the ground.
beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates.
has a pair of weights sitting on the ground.
manages to climb it to better get his feet wet.
, wearing blue shorts, brown leotard and no shirt will come on stage and begin kicking the ball.
easily snaps the tennis ball into the court, then the person in black walks over to the man dressed in a black tank top volleyball net tennis clothes.
is a blue board behind the blaez net.
serves the ball to the opponent in white.
goes back and forth between the two balls as the crowd claps and the man in black takes his bell and lets fly until he hits the ball.
are sitting behind tables watching a game.
jumps, flips and falls from the platform.
then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight.
then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
mixes some flour in a small bowl which is then drizzled over the knife.
sprinkles ice cream on the ice cream cone.
shows a tiny blue chip for grabbing.
cuts a seam in a red box.
see the box in person from a distance.
put the shirt on and the jacket on.
then jump in and begin swimming in the pool while one of the women jokes with the camera man.
