pats her shoulder, then saunters toward someone.
looks at a mirror in the mirror as he watches someone walk through a door.
shoots a look at her.
looks away for a second.
begins working out on his bike.
continues to take a bite of the bakes.
begins to cross his bike as if in a game to catch it.
continues scraping the hair while looking directly into the camera.
to do his routine on the bars.
performs uneven bars routine while people watch.
puts her paper down.
continue to speak with one another while the girl knits.
gets up and gets brushed.
put the bars around while speaking and play.
collapses and falls to the floor.
gets her lip pierced.
points at her foot for sure she is dancing.
begins to laugh in the room.
begin to rake and work very fast.
continue to talk to others.
looks up the spiral staircase and sees the twins looking over the banister rail on an upper level.
are sitting on a horse.
are shown of people riding around on dirt bikes.
continue climbing with one another.
notices her naked body.
switches off the bathroom light and approaches the bed.
used his fingers to wipe some raw blush off someone's sleeve.
hoists himself onto his feet and shoves her away.
exits the car with a crowbar loaded into the bar.
's a pound stone hits his own car that blocks his breath.
reacts through the rain to someone, heading out to the sunshine gathering for her.
stare up at them in their early white bridal styles.
throws it at him as he sways into a corner.
sits into the jack - o - lantern.
tosses his bag to a woman and starts to dance.
stares gloomily at mackenzie.
trips at the head of the floor and jumps off to his knees.
lights it and puts it on as he sits down, lit by the light.
waits a minute to congratulates his father.
propped up on his forearm.
smiles as she sleeps in the closet.
continues on with his tools and ends what he has done without looking at.
cuts to an sharpener and how much he was trying.
picks up the paste and sets it in a boot.
hill through a forest, with circles stretched out behind the trees.
shake hands and dance together in numerous different areas.
scowls at the teen as someone holds him close.
leads someone up a staircase.
glances up at his mother, shifting someone his foot, and looks at her from behind the bed.
shakes hands with someone's beautiful wife and children.
looks over, taken aback.
gets up and sits to join the girls.
moves up at them.
takes an few steps towards the door.
shapes flower petals down in the sunshine, then races across to the landing, clad in an elegant silver dress.
follows the animal as she goes.
stares as tears shine on her face.
flips off the bar and lands on her feet.
perform laps with the baton.
runs up to a high bar and alternates between the high and low bar.
steps onto the beam as she dismounts, arms in the air.
drops the javelin to the ground and jumps it very high.
are talking to the camera standing on the sand.
are standing on a sandy area walking.
are talking to the camera standing on the sand.
stop by at the end dance until they row the burning two.
continues to rake.
is raking dry leaves with a leaf blower.
grabs a needle and shakes his head.
claps the girls hands anxiously.
continues washing the dishes while looking back to the camera.
begins to put on a shoe.
paces in front of someone.
rises at the hand and sends someone off the vehicle.
is being a styled exercise in the sand.
lifts a barbell over his head.
sits in front of a computer talking to the camera.
continues throwing the object into the camera while the camera pans around.
are shown on the tree as people continue to move in and out of frame.
continue to ride around as the people continue to ride around and smile with one another.
drops the satchel of money and stares at the sand feeling in his sky suit.
are able to stop to climb the swimming body of water while taking off into swim tentacles.
come to an stop by a dock.
wake boards on a lake while being towed.
enters the silky gray images swirling around the room.
follows his dad up to the canister.
looks over her shoulder at a house in it.
is now wearing scrubbing lightly - - - and putting a hand into his skin.
leaps from his pipe as he steps out into the dark.
drops beneath the grasping for support.
put a cover on the cup and shake the mix.
slowly rubs his upper lip with his thumb.
glances around the area and ends by walking out of frame.
begins to turn it around and around attempting to match all the colors on each side.
finishes the cube and then solves the puzzle.
matches all the colors and slams the cube on the table while hitting the timer at the same time.
begin to retreat behind the corners of each other.
smiles at someone, picks his bag and walking stick, and leaves.
looks at someone just to see that someone's already going down.
give him quick glances as he climbs the deep stone steps of the house.
applies the shaving cream to his face.
rubs his smooth face.
is using a razor to shave twice.
finishes a nut on the table and cuts it into four.
rubs his smooth face.
contentedly.
stares at her estranged husband.
smiles as she turns to the air large panel of dolphin photos.
rests his chin upon her hair.
continue to play on smiling while more clips are shown of people taking pictures in the pool.
perform an attack on the camera.
hit the ball up with the net on the right side of the net.
continue jumping around and cheering on the crowd.
begin competing again by scoring goals and the white team scores a goal in the coaches and the goalie on the blue team scores.
is taking off her shoes and lifts them up.
is sitting in a house talking to the camera.
starts brushing her hair with a razor.
proceeds to blow dry a woman's hair.
is belly dancing as someone leaves.
talks in a room while a woman is sitting and talking at the bar.
begins to look around for her glasses once more.
falls to the ground and rise to his feet.
uses an electric drill to wind up the floor jack and lift the car tire off the ground.
is working out on an elliptical machine.
smiles at them.
turns off his walkie - talkie.
takes out a vodka bottle.
stands on the rug, staring lovingly at someone.
lays the merely bear dreaming on his hands.
leaps in through the closed door.
illuminates his face and his face unable to wiggle away.
smooths it up with a hostile expression.
prods his mentor with his right hand.
solemnly shakes her head, then yields
stares at someone through his eyes.
crouches down.
prevents it from latching shut.
jumps up and down.
sees a frame mirror in the door.
grip each other's hands.
walks away From on Seated Comrade.
stand before him as he considers.
follows her and its fissure blank.
leans close to her.
looks at her, utterly miserable.
shakily removes the gate's knob - shaped handle.
stands up gravely as they enter enter a lift.
stands and faces her.
reads: an article with pools of flowers in it.
dashes off to the far side of the enclosure.
stops a gate down a bustling roadway.
appear on the small hangar.
taps her finger over someone's mouth.
bashes him on another train door then swings it open.
looks round in front of a mirror.
takes a key from a ring on her belt.
flashes him an warm smile.
turns on her horse, grabs her bag, heads over to someone.
joins his brother at the bar.
puts his clothes down.
looks at the pair of coordinates: a man, who is busy with a rifle.
stands at an ankle - deep pool as otters swim around him.
gets down off his rock and takes a few steps towards someone, holding the gate shut from the outside.
embraces someone and someone.
sets out more matches on the table's side.
steps on the lounge bench.
scowls at someone.
sneaks a look at her.
smiles at someone and nods.
primps her hair, then wheels around to meet someone with a big smile.
steps close to someone and she unbuckles.
dashes to the lower door gawking out.
looks at the chair.
grabs her coat and exits.
goes over a jump on his motorcycle.
accelerates out of a turn on his motorcycle.
goes around a turn and plants his foot in the dirt to stabilize.
does a series of stunts on stilts.
is doing stomach tricks happily.
stands up and takes a separate cube.
continues to take two cables pole and slides safely out of the ceiling.
is at the top of the lift then falls on a ramp while people and weight lift go on them as he goes sailing on.
continues dribbling the photo.
raises his hands in the air.
it is flail on his legs.
partially shaves his face and shows off to the camera.
spin and turn to another.
pulls himself out to join him and starts a hill of people having really great advantage of seeing that they were in there.
grabs someone's pistol and pulls the trigger himself.
glances at his partner.
play with the auto wriggling.
kicks it away from it.
backs up in an line.
follows them as he shoots.
raises the armored gloves to his chin and slides over his body with his gun.
gaze at each other with shocked eyes.
kicks someone's head forward.
glances at his partner.
rides into an suv on a bluff wielding a barbecue.
is hurled towards the ground.
overtakes the rig and falls off his bike.
puts his spatula down.
sits at the kitchen table, staring off into space.
stops one down and rubs a piece of the gift out.
is eating solid and stinky.
puts his spatula down.
sit at a table with a beer from a table.
moving to the side, the houses rapidly stained.
zips her panties down with a wounded slug.
leans out of the drive - thru window, grinning at her, holding bags filled with fast food.
is dark and weary.
looks up suddenly when he hears.
lets him go with instinctively addressed.
struggles to appear nonchalant.
heaves a s.
props himself up on his elbow and nudges his fist.
leans forward from the passenger seat and glares at us.
rises over the beautiful rose colored car.
stops at the pit of someone's arm.
starts going through someone's bureau.
takes off the cake.
looks up to see a performance with extensions.
is then seen wearing a suit and running down a boardwalk followed by him surfing.
stops performing lifts his bar and does stunts and spins.
puts her hand in the air.
move cautiously and sideways, ending her dance and head with other people.
is in the air again.
falls to the ground, closing with her upper hand three times.
hold hands as they continue dancing with each other.
is there with a toothbrush.
is talking to the camera.
puts a white mousse on her legs.
dips her foot in the water.
are hand on a small table.
puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich.
takes the piece of ingredient and rubs it in half with the other lemon and shredded it all in into the gift bag.
grabs the drink and puts it on a cup.
lifts the axe and lifts the circle.
walks up and twirls a hula hoop with a winner.
completes the skateboard, then more goes up and hits the far bar pretty quickly.
stops on the door.
adds a mallet to the eye and begins cutting its claws.
is to an open cutting floor.
is dancing on the floor, carving it on the cat.
runs at him, smiling.
keeps her hand up as he fakes repeatedly.
smacks the ball away.
beads long suit is sent into the omelette.
continues moving around the yard.
see them going right and rides off one of them along the sidewalk.
dumps the child back in the bucket as another person comes out of frame to help the bucket down.
continues using the machine and pans around the room to put his shoes on.
grabs it and peers down at its chimes.
starts to climb up an bearded porch ladder.
pulls a revolver out of his mouth and dashes to his feet.
approaches a dark flowerbed.
looks up and sees people hiking sedately down to earth.
stops someone with his walking stick.
raises his fist confidently.
look on as someone glides past ancient steel - paneled hall.
jumps at the end of it and slips on the mountainside.
stare up from the train at which point birds retreating towards the pavements, which has risen falling off people.
see the cuffs make its tank go down.
, sitting by concrete, seems to see fallen on the ground.
rises, as they look down on a gigantic campsite.
continue to pass each other a bit in the row.
takes them to the highest level of the stadium.
walks up wearing the same purple dress.
kisses her as she leans forward.
continues smoking by them get dressed.
turns his head away and kisses her hungrily in the lips.
jumps on a bar with sticks.
continue to perform tricks with one another and continue gymnastics in the same manner.
go on a dirt road.
continue climbing down the mountain with one another as well as riding their feet and looking down one another up.
hides at a table in front of him.
picks it up for her.
opens the door for someone and they step into the massage bed together.
peeks out from behind her locker door at a girl of her own age with long blonde hair.
wearing the mismatched outfit gives her a kind look.
stops in the tracks.
talks for awhile and then steps through the hoop with both legs.
puts her hand onto her legs as she continues.
pauses to hold the hoop some more and then moves the object around her waist several times.
takes a sip of his drink and finishes by pouring the drink again.
arrive at a building's center.
continues, making faces as he goes.
stops the crowd as the crowd claps.
are shown face up on the table.
walks to the camera and performs some taunting stances.
zooms out on the side of the head.
see a man looking to the camera.
takes out her camera while another girl raises her head back to the camera.
are shown of people working together to maintain eye contact.
finishes the hookah as he dances with the young boy.
gets out of a chair and starts playing a saxophone.
smiles and walks away.
continues to massage her crotch.
jumps back and fourth on a pair of monkey bars under the roof.
continues cutting the unit and jumps all the way down the slide.
hands the baby out and put pasta in his wet avert boy.
see items at the bottom.
eat and eat hard.
jump before her performing long jumps.
puts onions and pickles mixture into a pasta bowl.
adds the baby to a razor on the back of a chair.
applies baking paste on her new doll and places a pair of clamps on the paper.
engage in a break dancing.
puts graham crackers in a bowl and layers with the milk mixture.
smiles and falls heavily.
smirks at someone and rides off.
emerge from doorways nearby.
still women are placed in front of the mirror as the woman talks to the camera.
take the headlamp and jump appear.
are seen from afar, celebrating as well as people afterwards hitting a ball.
are performing in white photo cycle squares.
are walking back and forth enjoying the show of the colorful flying objects.
get out of the cars with tow.
play on the beach and fly their kites in the air.
are interacting outside on the beach, with a woman on a yacht making the beach.
sees someone looking at a picture in his rocky hand.
sees it with his pencil and presses his hand along the wall nearby.
is frozen in place, staring off.
sees someone holding the hammer as someone closed behind him and stares down at the ceiling.
, he steps up.
walks up behind her.
motions for her to enter, standing aside to let her do so.
looks at someone, then leans forward and kisses his forehead.
rubik's cube and play with it.
jumps from the wall.
happens at round 4 in bed.
grabs a rubik's cube and play with it.
puts it down and shows the screen.
pulls the door barred shut after cupboard.
artist steps out to a nearby coffee chair.
flies gently into the ocean.
runs across a pub at a deserted zoo.
picks up one frown and hits a button.
is standing up in front of a bed.
sit prone as the plane rattles its side door.
huddled on the patio.
uses the arm to reach up and switch off the alarm before it can on.
jumps out, notices a wad of money in her hand, then uses to $100 bill.
sets the candle on a table, peering closely at its drop bottle against a glass glass.
sees someone approaching from the tree.
gets his board off of the table.
runs after the ball.
grabs the ball and throws it in the goal.
hit a dart back and fourth.
are hit balls fast and quickly at the same time.
hits a ball with an mallet.
crouches on one knee to get a smile.
add a cold and white pot to saute pasta.
starts to cook the cake with a baking pan.
puts it on a plate.
see people making castles.
grabs an noodle to show how it should look when cooked.
continues to step as she continues around with many different shots throws sand up when she reaches the end.
holds a cue up to the perimeter of the circle around a disc.
takes off running and jumps off again before landing and flipping again.
put his hand behind his head.
returns to the mirror.
continues flying as the water ski.
go on stable playing.
are shown as well as a calf and a paddle up.
are seen followed by a swing with a person smiling in the camera.
gets to the side of his horse and men working on it's skin to perform a good as a man.
climbs off the cab and dresses along his blanket in the hallway.
begins vacuuming the floor.
puts a plastic sheet over the curb.
does it as a without the tiles.
stares at someone, who lowers the bottle.
sits with someone, uneasy.
glances down, then turns to someone.
jabs at someone, then elbows him in the face.
gazes at a mirror, then rubs his finger.
looks at her blackberry.
gets up, stretches out his hand, and makes a sip with it.
speaks to the camera again.
glances out toward a sidewalk, then steps back into the passageway.
wrings his hands for support.
drops to the floor.
stretches down onto the street behind someone and grabs her waist.
dart away with an sunny smile.
goes to the lectern.
moves away from her but stops to glance back.
reluctantly lets go of her hand.
tosses it under the podium.
runs up at someone, and runs around to the pile of large family chairs.
shifts her gaze adoringly as he considers some coat.
stares.
lifts her chin and then kisses her softly on the cheek.
kisses her on the lips.
is stake through its clothes!
stands smiling up at someone.
kisses her on the lips.
start to spill onto the platform.
jumps over someone's shoulder and vanishes.
gently removes someone's head scarf, to reveal her scar.
is completely empty as he moves towards her.
kicks it off of his stomach and throws them across the crowd.
mean people get him on the rope, and start to run backward.
are set up next to a burning church.
makes a turn to look up from the sun.
puts her arm around her neck and ties her hair off.
applies paint with a roller.
put the gel in a blue towel to clean off the girl's hair and brush her hair.
to paint the table with the stencil.
puts a bottle in her hair.
returns to her couch with her teddy bear and munches out.
puts the wet cloth down.
swishes her hair then pulls back her hair.
put some cream on her feet.
shakes her head and the photographer shows the bottle.
demonstrates brushing her teeth.
is sitting at the table.
is next to two roofers.
is walking in the kitchen showing us the lemons and filling the cookie in bowl to an oven put into a living room.
he gets to his feet someone smiles proudly.
leaps off the trampoline and speed on a mat.
grabs the rope and throws it to the center of the field.
gets dressed as a performer wearing white headband shirt gets up.
gets up and falls down straight.
performs several spins and tricks on the board and ends with one walking up the hill to another.
performs some skateboard tricks.
zooms out as the other hits again and fourth pushing a lawn mower and pushing the lawn mower into the side.
gets to the top and releases himself to fall to the bottom.
continue about being to bunge
crack smiles at each other as someone bangs on the door.
reappears with a man in a red jeep.
begins brushing the little dog's fur as he around the other end.
continues brushing all around the horse including it's feet and tail.
begins brushing down the horse's mane.
begins to brush the horse with a brush.
turns sand the doll around while trying to keep up and looking at the camera.
spread butter and chocolate on bread slices grate cheese on it.
see mixed bread pizza slices at an oven.
take to a salad and pours the make it and puts into the eggs.
continues cutting dummy's hair and using hair gel in the end to spike it up.
are staring up at the sky directly above her.
nods at him and limps towards the office.
and her pleasant drift down on the ground and away from him.
goes through a ring while popping it's side and continues moving up to the surface.
continues playing and plays the flute.
lifts a weight over his head.
starts drumming the drums.
makes a beeline for someone.
takes in apprehension at her 'weakened ladies.
walks off to the plate and takes a sip.
stares at the egg.
shows her kissing a boy.
, unbuckles his mask as someone passes someone, she smiles and touches his forehead.
grabs someone's hand.
trudges into the driver's seat and slams his head against the wheel.
follows around on a corner afterwards standing in a clearing and gestures behind the judge.
is seen tumbling back and forward on grass lawns in different locations.
puts her back on the tree.
continues to blow the woman with her arm while the other combs by in the yard.
baked and is shown sitting down and laughing to the camera.
continues raking while speaking to the camera back and fourth.
continues playing while continuing to speak while others watch on the side.
stops dancing and keep doing the choreography.
is in a white chair in a room doing this by doing so.
quietly takes a sip from her coffee.
walks to a young child on the sidewalk.
are trying to clear the snow off the sidewalk.
looks at them lightly.
walks to an young child on the sidewalk.
begins to hit the drum with blue piercing on drums and studies it with her indoors.
takes more pumpkin more at her eye and a large freshly trimmed one lies buried at the table.
is cutting the top off of a pumpkin and raking the seeds into a bowl.
jumps on the rope and then climb past.
continue playing along the track with one another and ends with another one walking away.
continues spinning various around in many areas and ends with the man waving his arms and smiling as the man continues to speak in other.
takes out his wand.
retrieves the instrument and holds the camera.
squeezes the lemons' juice into a mug using a tool.
mixes the liquids on the table.
are blended together and fell.
rearranges the items on the counter top.
are poured out of the cup.
puts a spare in the oven as people continue playing.
plays an medical instrument.
extends a hand and manipulate the ingredients.
are used as cooked from cream and shredded pepper portion into the cake.
mixes some water into the mug.
juices the mixture from another cup.
puts his wand to the side of his lap.
puts her new bedroom door and looks down at the dorm floor, her chest dripping.
climbs off a horse then escorts her down to the bed.
bravely fly amid the raining ash and molten rocks.
grabs him and pulls her to the banquette.
turns around and takes a baby brush on the snow.
hug each other, fighting in the heated stances.
see the man walking next to them.
enter the workroom and watch the score.
continues playing and scoring.
make him wear a red box.
serves them and gestures.
are getting ready to jump and go.
see them from the tree and begin stirring in a circle.
decorate a christmas tree.
stands on a tree laying on a tree.
play on curling table.
take photo's in front of the christmas tree.
lift the smoke from the lips and dance around using a red stick.
see the kids taking photo's in front of the stairs.
get to their feet.
walks out and bends slightly to the left.
wakes up, grits his teeth and washes his hands in the air.
performs more backflips as a girl assist them to perform music.
clap loudly while one girl sits and speaks to many people who watch followed them.
puts a nut in the trashcan.
continues rake the lawn in a yard while the baby watches.
helps the child on the lawn without his mower.
watch on the side as the man aims.
comes into frame and plays with the man.
walks back and forth on the grass.
jumps over the trees in front of the backyard and gets to the top of the tree.
continues skating around his yard with another leaf.
succeeds in mowing the lawn around.
looks down with no features, covering her hair.
holds the baby up, peering into her eyes.
puts some ingredients in the pan and the camera pans around in front of the house.
puts dough onto a plate with ingredients and cheese on it.
uses the tool to rub down the top of the area.
are shown of the man riding behind a seat.
are demonstrating how to dance while drinking or playing.
reaches out and takes a piece of hot steel.
grinds down a staircase railing.
jumps down a staircase.
jumps down a staircase.
see the ball being held by onlookers.
see people clapping in the crowd.
see a game of hockey being played.
looks up as someone enters.
reaches for the second greeting.
dials a number, then gets up and runs back up the stairs.
is using the axe to watch dog in the pile on goal.
jumps off the couch as the kids listen to someone.
gets up and walks into another room.
performs a ballet jump in the room.
see a girl on the floor with a toddler playing.
follows the children walking into a different room.
rush to the table and address them with instructions to get it into new base.
is shown as well as speaking to the camera.
talk together while a group of children fall down the stairs.
focuses on the boy.
continues to follow the area while many pictures you to help are shown.
dawns down as well.
continue dancing up and down and side to side on steppers.
stops short and turns back to the camera.
are leading the other.
does a routine on the level.
continue talking on the hands again.
draws his pole into the water, disappearing with it.
goes around with someone and someone.
begins to grabs his ears and shakes its head.
jumps around super high up and then flips throughout the story.
returns from her reverie and faces someone.
smiles as they pass by.
follow her off in a meeting room.
pans to show the others on the sidewalk speaking to one another.
continues playing in the hole while the camera captures her.
grabs the bar and begins pulling on the rope and looking to the camera.
gets in her car and comes to a halt.
walks in to his.
steps back from the wheel.
steps past two others lounging in the grass.
continue dancing at the end together and talking to the camera while still speaking.
get into the car and a man in a blue shirt claps them with it being a big deal.
continues speaking and looking to the camera and smiling as she leaves.
then rises to the end of her bow and curls her hair.
see five men assembling each other and talking into a microphone.
is talking to the camera next to a black.
comes downstairs as someone enters with his pet elephant.
picks up a mouse sized top hat.
walks down onto the stage.
gets up and goes over to a wooden chest.
water down the bar.
goes down to the landing and looks around expectantly.
glances back at himself and starts to shave the long wooden slat.
finds the beautiful man with a cold stare.
lies staring at him as he types on a laptop.
leans into someone's bedroom.
are bewildered as they go.
continues bouncing on stage with the rope and ends by walking away.
in blue goes to do.
continues playing around in the room and ends by shooting and waving to the camera.
glances at an dancing hula.
shakes the pleasantly's head and walks up to them.
shakes someone's hand.
marches astride and he flies up.
rocks back and forth, dancing to the music.
is playing an accordian for the baby.
gets up while arriving and shooting a successful hit.
falls as he gets into a fight.
walk past with an goal.
jumps backward to get one run.
continues to walk and jump and roping the ball then has moved back to the camera.
takes a turn at the jump.
reaches the shovel, puts it in the trashcan.
rocks someone and punches him on the cheek.
shaves the rim of the sponge.
holds a spray bottle and then cleans the counter on the floor.
is shown once again that it is clean again.
is able to hoist himself back enough on the rope to sit on it with the rope between his legs.
are shown of people sitting in the circle without one another.
steps up to it and looks her in the eyes.
turns around and sees someone.
raises an eyebrow at someone.
scrambles back and grabs her lip.
sliced in the, opened the karaboudjan to someone.
folds her feet around the automaton and peers into his eyes.
walks quickly back into work with them behind him and aglow him with someone.
remain unmistakably composed as he stares at the floor.
glance at each other.
pump up, staring helplessly.
smile a few times.
leans his head back against the chair.
produces a handful of junk on it.
is serving, hitting him.
gets up and begins to attach.
are beating a hockey ball against a wall and playing.
speak to the camera while more shots are shown of water polo being played.
met another at a time, washing the game madly.
talks as well to the sidelines and continues to move all around the rink.
hug the student.
continues playing along and pauses to look back at the camera and laugh.
continues to apply the surface of dresser lotion and tries shooting a contact into her eye.
turns her head to the right.
rises from the bed and scurries onto a subway staffer.
is robed
begins painting grass into the painting slowly down the picture.
cleans a piece of wax while anh while speaking to the camera.
continues wiping down a door and speaking to the camera.
comforts them at a slow pace.
gapes with her mouth open behind her visor.
turn on as she leans in them, smoking at the pulley of a microphone.
shines on her face.
glances at the camera, then keeps wiping.
performs he poses for an while.
is auburn - haired as though broken.
walks up and starts to talk.
are in the room with them.
steps on the alien's throat.
appears on the quad.
turns around and aims.
stares at his mother's fluttering wings.
sit at the bar, someone with a white russian, someone with a beer and someone eating beer nuts.
hug each other and clap.
spins his partner during the dance.
speaks to someone who looks at her defiantly.
sees someone lying on her back on the floor, surrounded by the groceries from an broken bag.
walks on into the kitchen.
's still and empty.
drips down from her hand into the towel and its dotting her feet.
spread across her face as she hurries out.
sees something down the hall, under the legs of a telephone table.
puts a jack under the car and begins unscrewing the tire and taking it off.
continues putting the handle bars on the bike and rides off while still speaking.
begins facing the camera and brushing her teeth, leaning in to the camera at one point before leaning back to continue brushing teeth.
begins brushing the girl's teeth.
puts a object around the woman who continues talking to the camera as the camera captures her movements.
turns around and walks up to them.
walks to the top of a game and talks about the game.
is cleaning a table on a table.
stares down at him pergola.
stares at the television then tosses the stick aside.
is on wind twin.
goes grab a chair to open it.
slides his feet to the floor and sits up.
stare at him blankly.
grabs the shard, grabs him by the collar.
knocks against a glass and handrail heavily on the floor.
extends with a chain which winds itself around someone's legs, tripping him up and binding his ankles together.
scrambles to his feet.
climbs out of the other way.
fires an explosive from her wand, sending a snatcher to the forest floor.
wade downward and an elevator pulls him.
ducks under a fallen tree.
leans to him and sticks his braces on the other side frame.
throw themselves to the floor.
puts it into someone's face.
sits on a chair.
come out of the cab and locks it with a wry stare.
is hit and falls to the ground.
is getting out in the bathroom.
pours a shopping bag which is filled with sand.
sprays with liquor and other ingredients on the table.
appears while he gathers liquor and rinses at a table without being a sour and pleased customer.
surround him dancing and smiling at a beach party.
takes a drink from an pot of ice and begins to drink it.
smokes his lighter, while he is rubbing it too.
places a bike out onto the bicycle and pulls into a driveway.
put a new tire on and releases the jump and turns it to finish the rest.
steps out to show a somersault.
can not go after gas he is using the proper way to apply this evenly.
go for one last look, then uncurls a second sack.
works at a nearby table.
takes an sip of the lemonade she just made.
are seen standing on a table mixing more ingredients.
pours the pasta into the shaker.
pours it onto the table and pours it into the bowl.
breaks ice cubes by hitting them with a spoon.
tosses it aside.
stirs the powder in a shaker.
candies down on the floor.
slices through a bowl of lettuce.
grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it.
pours boiling water into the bowl with brown sugar in it.
steps further into the bar.
steps through the rain as water passes above the spacious room.
hurries into the bar.
takes the paper and spits it.
glances at someone, who smiles soberly.
lets her slide gently down until her feet touch the floor.
lets her slide gently down until her feet touch the floor.
continues to stare straight into space to see herself, golden, new etcetera and among which people flash for her.
continues to try to hit the ball on the wall.
fly out of the arena opposite them.
continue playing until the people grab arms up as well as speaking to one another.
stop walking as one man serves the ball.
continue walking around the room and hitting the ball.
continues to sit around the stage and ends by bending across the stage and smiles to the camera.
approaches a lit club.
start to run as the cloud reaches them.
is hurled high in the air.
is laid out on a small spf painted in veins.
remains on the cot with his gloved hands.
are streaming away as a ringed owl signs into a delivered.
watches as raindrops fall from the rocks in the armored car and pant legs rise out from the ground.
rubs the mustache and widens someone.
approaches a wooden timer in the corner.
starts to vacuum the vacuum with a brush.
back up and see the boys legs.
zooms in on the boy again.
begins recording the woman about how it's easy to paint.
travel in the open car.
pull on the step.
sit on the floor behind him.
continues pushing the painting and ends by smiling to the camera.
continues smooth paint and paints up.
gets the halves and sticks them into a hole.
uses a paintball gun on the table to hit him.
sticks the jack ready.
stops and talks to the camera again.
walks out of the tile.
is standing in a ring.
is walking around the table talking to the camera.
begins giving some noodles and then continues talking about how to make a cocoa dish.
continues walking into an room followed by washing skis and others watch them.
continues throwing the other down and then gets hit by the ball.
holds it up to greet her as she watches.
steps back to foot behind his desk and joins his officer.
stop and listen to a policeman squatting.
watches him walk into a pose.
smiles at someone, who turns on her side, facing up.
leaps from her table and picks up a alcohol bottle.
leans forward and hands a can of flowers to her own.
crouches and puts on his pants.
gets down from the table, she falls briefly, clutching her abdomen.
releases the dragon and forces it upward.
takes off her shoe, picks it up and looks at the floor.
continues to explode in circles with the foliage.
gets in and watches him fall.
pushes an infant against her red hand.
scoots herself into position.
presses up on the plastic covering his face.
dips to take off her helmet.
drop unsteadily from the floor.
kicks him off of her.
looks to someone first then looks on with an inviting look.
runs to the bar where a penguin approaches her and knocks.
stops and briefly muted her stare.
turns off the lamp on a thick rug.
lifts it up with an cloth.
runs up to her.
offers an camcorder as she glances across at the road.
appears on the screen before her.
scoots off the table.
rips it off and wipes it with a towel.
shakes her head at someone.
gently strokes behind her.
finds himself staring ahead with a furrowed brow as she leaves his side.
tries to free itself from the forceps' grip.
stares slack at the table.
gently tilts it toward her.
lowers down over the patient.
appear to play with a woman in the hair.
continues running around and throwing another javelin.
falls under the water.
crashes rising water under the trees as he plays.
continue surfing, trying to stay on their boards.
manages to stay upright.
sits across from people.
looks at her and softly nods.
lift bodies in body bags from the chopper and load them onto the troop carrier.
touches someone's face as someone reaches for another swell.
turns on the phone.
walks along past an airport terminal building, talking on his phone.
begin to run around the sandy area.
stop to watch someone after it.
are filled with books and hurtles.
backs down until the floor and briefs.
swirls through the crowd.
suddenly drops up to the floor.
seizes him and helps him from the counter.
see a green's map up on a clear portable screen of its red light spreading at them.
glances around, goes to the window, looks out.
come up the stairs to the landing and to a door.
hustles up behind him.
leads someone through the parlor toward the tall white entrance.
tumbles out of the ring.
lifts himself out of the bath and dries himself.
minimizes a backpack that He is wearing.
takes off his shoe and stuffs the scrap of paper into it.
lies in the back behind him and starts to sob.
takes his folded hands and hurries behind.
comes to a stop outside a store.
sits in an dirty bowl of pickles, someone trying to open the eye.
takes some great effort, pulls his shirt off and puts his arm around her shoulders, sending her side upward.
goes down the steps.
leads the way in.
remain to see her horrified eyes.
lies down on the tee, staring dazed.
puts on a blank piece of paper then walks out.
looks out from a page to see someone running up of him.
takes his hand in as he gives it a final salute, his hat flying.
sits on the sofa facing someone.
see as the faucet, the dressing, lies on one side, lying against the wall.
listen to him staggering.
sees someone mirthfully look at someone.
glances at him and smiles.
gets up and grabs a piece of hair by his hand, another burst of fire.
fly through bare branches.
shines on the line drawing city.
throws the dart back and forth on the grass.
rolls down the hill to see his way out.
continues wiping while the camera pans around.
gets down on stationary bikes and starts to get off.
steps away with case in tow.
looks at her and ss.
takes his wallet off the floor and peers down at the ice - covered gold.
takes pristine white t - shirts off a shelf and lays them in his suitcase with the rest of his clothes.
sees the boy inside.
approaches him carrying a clipboard spoke with the diary.
speeds past, leaving him in his wake.
appears a man on a surfboard.
continues moving himself around a bit while still moving his legs and arms.
hopes up on the bars and begins spinning himself around.
does a dance on an field field in front of a camera.
is water talking to the camera while attached to a boat.
are shown jumping around preparing to prevent soccer.
wakes, his arm draped over the man's shoulders.
begin to dance and look up at long tables.
see a man perform a belly dance routine.
begin to look at each other.
continue dancing all around one another and end by embracing her.
enjoys as the man finishes the dancing.
performs a routine with a baton.
continues playing a dance routine while spinning and performing a routine.
continues to speak to the camera and end by walking away from there still climbing.
bends down and raises his arms into the water of his pool.
finishes punching and smiles.
then is enveloped in a trance and forced himself on the tree.
moved the ladder to do the middle top of the hedge.
enters the store cityscape where stock jars are with a colt.
touches his own mashed, and tosses the sheet aside.
rolls over on the road.
looks up to see someone, surprised, and offers him his things.
enters a nightclub wearing a steely gray.
pops up into the body.
applauds for her.
is not able to get it through.
steps over to greet someone.
struggles to get out as the cab comes to a stop.
watch anxiously from a holding cell at the rear of the bus.
comes down the stairs in two of the parallel bars.
do it together across a mat.
listen to camera for a moment.
begins to smooths the snow with his hands as he skis.
is on the table, before him.
sees it, picks it up, and sparks it into flame.
perform their flip in a circle then at the end, the man who turns to do the same spins all jumping behind.
take an break dance, preparing to return to the team with the mat.
stands back up and does a second dance routine together.
touches a platform on the dance platform.
uses a liquid to rub his face and wipes it down with a hand.
puts up tape over the handles of the body and lets.
a stone corkscrew.
is sitting back in her chair while trying to walk in the saddle.
unlocks the building and starts working.
see players play a game of sunscreen on the beach.
see the cameraman again.
looks surprised and laugh, as well the presenter and people.
using the lawn object as she talks with the girl on the sidewalk.
goes down the hill again, enjoying the time.
dances away by explaining.
is seen putting tiles down one side and stopping to be away and speak to the camera.
smirks and winks to him.
go back into the village.
descends toward the top of a large staircase.
puts it back in someone's coat pocket.
pulls the robe off his shoulders.
looks across at him.
smiles briefly as he re - jumps in a chair.
steps forward and glances at the horizon.
dominates the horizon there.
watches as they approach someone.
is back on tv.
steps up on a chair to examine the tv set.
stares up at someone, who is lying on clothed.
applauding for him.
hugs a person that walks up next to him.
jumps from the trampoline and falls to the floor.
is walking throughout the street and pausing from his lamp.
runs to help well.
step up to kick a goal with the goalie standing in front.
starts to fight in a gathering force.
see again on an professional volleyball game.
see several rocks in the dirt.
see the goalie spin again.
continue to kick balls while walking in and out frame.
turns, gazes seriously at him.
begins to talk to the camera while showing the parking window of an instructor.
takes the cut fabric and tucks in in the tree.
see the man playing in his room at a table.
begins to mulch with mulch on a buckets.
put the jack, next to the tree in his place.
see glasses wih the color of the tree.
rolls rock sheet onto the ground.
is jumping on the floor and going back quickly.
flips several times as he does it.
keeps inching around and bumps on the wood.
dance down the sidewalk, wearing strange costumes.
watch as the band plays instruments in the background as everything finishes from a band.
turns to his temple.
walks a little closer to get the best view.
inches down the frame and comes back to see him ring.
continues swinging his arms and legs.
jumps off the swing and lands at the edge of the play area.
strides up to the convertible and gets in.
stops then aims at him.
stares at the ring then hands it over.
leaves, then climbs in.
gets up and runs to the floor corner.
walks and completes the omelette.
regards her with a furrowed brow.
finds the ring outside.
rubs the man up and looking to the camera.
jumps up and down and stand around in front.
takes it and continues talking before the other returns to the casino.
continues playing the piano and continuously moving while gesturing to other people.
lift its legs in front of each other and begin dancing.
jump on the beam and perform a routine with one another.
stands next to the three and say goodbye to the camera.
is doing the dishes on the sidewalk with a bowl of food.
is watching the game walking on sides.
hit the ball across the base and form the swarm from it beside the target.
are twirling and walking on the field where people are bouncing up and down.
pours the other rum into a glasses and pours a drink into a lime.
dances with an lesson.
puts on a steel juicer for lemonade.
washes the sandwich into a cheap salad as well as puts it up and slices it on open.
continues with several people on the sideline on the beach laughing and watching.
appears until it to the bottom.
watches, then glances at someone and leans back in his chair.
begins getting up and cleaning some cement.
comes towards the camera.
walks around and walks off further and continues running at the end.
holds a bucket up pool as well as balls hitting it into a triangle.
lies in the chair clutching his stomach.
take turns jumping up and down above their knees.
speaks to them with swords.
pause when one passes the stage.
take turns diving compete in a competition.
walks over to a table and opens a cigarette box, but finds it empty.
does a yellow routine on the balance beam.
takes a barbell up and hits the handlebars with a metal cones.
does in front of the bars, having shown posing for it.
jumps off and lands on the mat.
separate and prepared to serve.
put, put the two in duck bags before him.
puts on the lifebelt, falls onto the deserted road.
turns to avoid the archway.
removes his hat, crouches, and leans his ear close to someone.
gets to his feet, his sober gaze locked on the dead man.
glances away, then looks someone in the eye.
continues down the hall.
dons his hat, his stare stoic and grim.
stares at its reflection then faces someone broodingly.
steps out of the theater and continues walking his paint on a bridge of grass.
sits down in a chair and eats a few minutes.
begin walking on a motor boat.
begin carving into the sand and creating designs in the sand castle.
continue riding all around the sand with one another and continuing to show various images in the end.
continue shoveling inside the desert as well as walking fancy.
talks to the camera man while smiling at the camera and continuing to scrape.
is fighting on a large stage.
