If he gets married in the church he wo nt have to get a divorce .
He knows that he will be committing polygamy .
The bus would arrive at the stop soon
The bus would arrive at the stop soon
He likely fell on the sidewalk and hit his head while intoxicated
He was waiting on the taxi
Because it was 10 minutes before the start of school .
I was driving my car at a cool 30 mph .
It is a precursor to understanding his success in future endeavors .
Moderate
None of the above choices .
she confirms her biases
There 's some germs in there .
The plane had to have an emergency landing and that meant they used an emergency landing procedure which involved the floats
It makes no difference to Baby E what is going on around him .
Baby E was annoyed with the quality of the 3 month photos and wanted to redo them .
Sometimes your current insurance will be too complacent with you .
They were too small for FPS gaming
Because an incident report would be sent to RTD and to the
Nine mornings out of ten look just like this in our apartment .
I bought the replacements immediately
Those groups happened to give better feedback because they were just better
I am taking a sabbatical .
I am taking a sabbatical .
Because we discovered a bottle of Mrs. Meyer 's geranium liquid hand soap .
The effects of Title IX would be reduced .
She would not have been successful
Because they have to work at their own pace .
Because they sang the chorus together .
You would have to take seroquel with the drugs to remove the unpleasant side - effects .
Because it was the beginning of a change .
They are not pleased with the valet service
He likes me to be there when he wakes up so I need to go be there
Just because it can be done and because it 's stupid .
Because Robin felt no duty to do it herself except for the show .
I would rather have gone to school which provided magic pens
They are a sailor
I invited someone there .
I invited someone there .
The sport fiesta was too short so it ended really abruptly
Because a shooting game involves violence and killing people .
This person charges a fee every time they recommend a show .
He would mistake me for his parent .
Because the writer thinks the shoes will be very good .
Unemployment
Unemployment
She knows how to get into a facility
I wanted to look back on some memories .
She consoles me and makes me feel better about myself .
I would arrive at 5:30 and I 'd be late for the spin class .
She would have to quit her job .
She would take the baby to work .
Because she was helping people with health issues .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money
The sun keeps the paint from spilling off the car
I found all her material and produced replicas of what she had done
Because they were n't scheduled to work at that time .
They are an air commander
Air force
I was annoyed that I had to work while I would be traveling soon
I would lighten up and not be so tense about seeing someone after a while .
I had never been to South Korea so moving there and living there for a year was crazy .
I received fair compensation .
Because they are daring the writer to find a use for them .
The professor got mad when I was tardy .
He wanted free access to the net .
It got a new coat of color .
Some place with Bumble Bee in the name .
I walked backstage and spoke to some of the models about the show
I could ride in a helicopter for the first time if I went to Tanjung Aru .
Because it was the morning .
All they talked about was dishwashers .
I have been unemployed for a while now .
I will have to start walking places more .
She , her husband , and the man must have lived in different houses for 30 years .
Because he agreed to show the writer around the old town .
Because they had a test
Because they had an eventful ride .
You have to have a well - balanced diet in order to be healthy .
Because the casino wants to entice people to join .
We want to fix the old flooring so it does n't peel up anymore .
Because it was winter and very cold .
He could make it fun .
I must have attended a fall semester .
Because the writer stuffed up a couple times .
I had a cupcake for breakfast today .
The study will be able to take a longer time suggesting that there will be more funding
Because it felt it was in danger .
The expenses would be too great .
Because they are experiencing the effects of reducing smoking .
The central stations are known for their delicious groceries and so people prioritize shopping there
Because he grinned like a cat who ate the canary
Because she is about to give birth .
Because that will make their minds sharper .
He was injured .
Nothing should be worn to make a statement .
Because the writer believes people are interested .
Tokyo
Because he suggested looking it up on the internet .
Since I made the recipe up , I did n't know how to make waffles correctly .
Since I made the recipe up , I did n't know the right measurements for fried chicken .
She could n't take a break with him
I would n't have the longing for these people like I do now .
Because it is in need of repair .
He was trying to hard to look good and it showed poorly
He was playing a character that was not based solely upon being attractive
Sid Lucero was a good actor at some point but became worse as time went on
I liked the character in the story but felt that Sid Lucero did not play him well and he was downplayed
I stopped exercising at the time .
I might both travel and cook at different altitudes .
Because the knife really does n't go with the dish .
Because they went online .
Because they did n't send me any notice .
It was being made for an event .
Because the ball just started a short time before .
Because the writer did n't know about it until the night before .
Because the doctors want to see if the problem goes away on its own .
Because she had three boys .
Because there was another explosion behind the writer .
It 's filled with traffic .
It 's risky to drive on it .
A game of golf
I was looking out the window
The work there was simple .
The river could have flowed faster than we could row upstream .
She took a solid 2-point conversion .
Because they were from Spain .
Because they are happy to provide good service to their customers .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam .
At the Market so they could eat blackened Cajun swordfish .
Because they ca n't obtain the breed they want .
We will have to postpone getting married until we can afford the wedding
I might be tasked to learn from the program explanation class from now on .
Because they may have arrived at a selling price that 's too low .
Because she is transitioning
So that certain people can find the keys outside .
The person had a daughter who wanted a puppy .
The puppy owner goes to buy puppy food for the puppy .
The puppy owner asks his wife to get water for the puppy .
I had to get two jobs and work constantly , so I am busy all the time .
I would have tried to guess their password and alternatively gone to a coffee shop for wifi
Because the crowds at the Dark Knight were very noisy
Because he 's sporty .
Because they thought it would be a fun thing to do .
Because they will see the year 12 's off .
I was staying in a Japanese school dormitory .
They are not a fan of Spirited
They are not a fan of Spirited Away
The bus would have been full
The bus would have been full
They want to jump a mile high .
They were in their 20 's and did n't care anymore .
She may have been busy with school work .
Because they were hungry .
Because it is their job to do so
They are a performer
It got too hot .
They wanted to show for their candidate .
It was hosted to stimulate brain - stretching conversation .
Because the pain never came back .
Because it was new .
Heather had a tonsillectomy .
The operation is a tonsillectomy , something that thousands of kids go through each year
Because it was getting loud .
I was worried that I would have to socialize
We needed to complete some paperwork .
The Monkees no longer make music so it was interesting .
It is possible the accident fractured her tailbone .
She is still alive .
Because they thought it would be enjoyable to watch .
I might be a movie star .
It had high - quantities of food , so I didn't care if it was n't high - quality .
Sarah and John might have been being chased by a villain , but they had defensive weapons .
Heck might continue to believe the dirty tricks theory , and the belief might get stronger .
Laura is outgoing and explored more than I did ..
They are over the age of two
The narrator took a drink out of the water glass
Because I was driving up 14th St.
Because the writer went to pick out a movie .
Because dedication and work ethic are admirable qualities .
The writer 's group needed to buy supplies
Because they found an ambassador .
Because half the bag of pretzels is around 20 - 30 calories more
Because it was n't awkward .
A promotional tour
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
The speaker is angry at the woman .
Because they were in the apartment .
We did not want to offend the chef by not finishing our meal
I now had a nice backup to my stored data
He would drive by and honk or text
I let my stress and emotions take over me .
Because the company has been back at the drawing board .
It might be because she does have time to kill doing other things .
We would check out some of the people in the area .
It must have meant a minor deal as they have spent any time planning it .
They have the patience to sweat it all out
Tim found Hectors behavior strange and does not want to meet more people like him ,
Hector displays troubling behavior and Tim does not want to meet people acting the same .
Because the water heater might have been broken though good enough .
The narrator might believe the remodeling and landscaping can lower the value of your home .
I might not have had a time slot open for him to get a massage for his birthday .
She was just showing me an assignment , nothing more .
They would have gotten cooking recipes
They would not have gotten cooking recipes
Brian was in the hospital
The man who was very interested in the movie protested
He told a story that was unsettling .
Because they needed oxygen .
Because they did n't toast it properly .
Those were the team colors .
It means that B and I are the dream team .
For memory loss
Because Neilsen ratings were at my doorstep today
Because it was recess .
A request for her children to go to school
I realized that I had played Second Life all evening .
It almost got hit in the traffic .
They do not have children
They do not have children
I will continue to work until all the clinical work becomes second nature to me
Because they enjoyed hunting .
She thought she was going to meet their demise .
Because others might not accept the writer .
Because they 're sitting knee to knee .
She would have told me that I should continue to send her letters in the future
She would have told me that I should continue to send her letters in the future
I must be feeling ambivalent about it since it has the same pay for things I used to anyway .
He tends to inflate his own scores and is not as good as his ranking suggests
Her limbs were forced into a tight space .
It was excellent watching them upstairs and celebrating their win
because the endless opportunities
I would think it 's kinda gross , but still nice .
He can recognize a bad student .
I had previosuly learned from him .
He will fall in love with her easily .
He falls in love easily and for short periods of time .
They love Mitch . It s a term of endearment .
He will dump Richelle after a short period of time .
I am okay with them using the shower but annoyed that I had to clean it myself
My work place might have a rule against coming into work under an illustration .
I also got a free radio at some point .
Because the writer was browsing the internet
I am just not good at math so it was better I didn 't take it .
I was happy to play outside in the rain and cool air .
The book I wrote about the law
An author of a book about the rule of law
A person who explained the rule of law using audiovisual materials .
The book I wrote about the law
They will make their day by exercising a very simple action that takes little effort from you
Because I was interested in what he had to say .
Because I came to a stop just a few feet from the offramp .
She desired one but did n't want to deal with the price .
I would be unable to complete my project on time
I did not enjoy being alone because I wanted to cook and entertain and had no one to join me
Because the bill was dead in the water .
Because the farmer was wearing a red shirt
The professor of the student invited the person to the talk while in class .
The person yelled at the professor and said he was doing something else that day .
I would persist and find ways to make them fall in love with me
I 'm distressed that she 's moving out so soon
I may move with her
It would be a cake walk .
He wanted us to maintain the proper posture for the exercise that we were taking on and doing
I took action , but I did n't do it right .
The time might not pass as fast
The narrator spent two and a half hours cleaning up
They would n't have missed their connection
They would have missed their connection
He realized the story was a bad idea .
That it is caused by the brain .
That being depressed is normal .
They will know that depression can be cured .
They will know that depression can be cured .
I spent too much money on food and large purchases .
Because the situation was n't awkward .
She will be bombarded with work during the holidays and that will disappoint her
Because all of their equipment failed at the same time .
Because it 's common to see cockatoos flying freely because they 're kept as pets .
He passed away while writing .
Because my dad might not have been expecting a call from someone .
It 's campus day on Sundays .
Mike and I would get all of my things moved in to the old house and organized .
Because they thought they would have more energy afterward .
Because they were broadcasting from outside Lehmann Bros.
I am excited about abnd camp and moving and whenever excited the days leading up to an exciting event take forever to go by
Because she was out in a small boat .
They are celebrating a 20 year anniversary .
They want to praise the schools they went too .
They had to go to different schools
They decided to move to another school district .
He moved out for college .
The stairs were falling in .
It would go unused for a period of time .
It would give her a place for her son to sleep .
They would be upset that they can not reproduce
I might have gone to a makeup show and did n't enjoy the experience .
Because I gained satisfaction from the last 2 concerts .
Susanne thinking about living in Copenhagen .
I am thinking about living in Copenhagen .
Because she leaves up to her readers the when where and how of it all .
That is the way forward .
Because the writer was there every hour .
This person is preparing for a festival , in Japan .
This person is mimicking the Japanese culture as a way to study it .
He 's trying to give the buyers incentive so that a sale can be made .
It would just be an extra windy day , nothing special .
The area where the game was held was hot .
It was too cheap and not fancy enough .
Sometimes the bathroom was occupied when I needed it .
Because that was our best mode of transportation .
People wanted to go shopping a lot at Christmas
Because it 's extremely easy
The temperature was in the pleasant 90s .
She had a devastating illness .
Writing is just the only way to do it now .
I am a hair stylist that knows when something needs to be done .
We will be on the road for a long time .
To run several hundred miles in Detroit metro area .
They got a new phone and it is n't working the same .
We would do nothing at the pier while we wait for the bus back to Cairns .
The more times a person remarries , the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
The more times a person remarries , the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
He will be going off to college for the year having finished school
We had to become members of the country club to be allowed to dine there and use their facilities
I was working on unpacking boxes , sorting clothing and generally cleaning up and it is hot out so my internal temperature went up from the work
He wanted to be with me but the feeling was n't mutual .
This probably happened in Winter
Because people were getting on the ground .
I had been suppressing for some time against the way men ran my faith , and men sat in power over me in the confessional and over intimate moments of my life when I felt I had to ask permission to seek fertility treatments and read harsh literature by the pope about being ' selfish ' for choosing such help .
I had been suppressing for some time against the way men ran my faith , and men sat in power over me in the confessional and over intimate moments of my life when I felt I had to ask permission to seek fertility treatments and read harsh literature by the pope about being ' selfish ' for choosing such help .
I want to get back to my house faster after I leave my house for the day .
It is currently in the game .
Because Kim and I decided to go ahead .
To go to the related website .
To get the heck out of there before mom showed up .
His suicide attempt failed .
His suicide attempt failed .
He is paralyzed from spine injury .
He is paralyzed from spine injury .
The rear or front wheels can then grip on the surface
Because Iowa has quite a few creative types .
He dried off and went to lay in his bed
I might have been expecting something but nothing must have happened .
They do not enjoy learning about history
They are not proud of the video they made
The regime collapsed while it still possessed material superiority . Its stockpiles of munitions and planes would provide the victorious mujahedin with the means of waging years of highly destructive war .
It might be concluded that I 'm too old to go to concerts and have a roommate .
Because the second set of photos are family photos
He had a unique approach to art .
Because she wanted the unborn baby to die .
Because she thought it was dangerous if it was n't high enough .
Because the final road block was demolished .
Because everything is a paradise for computer users .
Because the cancellation may have caught them off guard .
She was n't interested in me .
Because something is supposed to be over .
I fell when I bent to pick something up .
We were exposed to a lot of media featuring them .
Because that would literally kill the old world content .
I was confronted with my age when realizing I have two children .
Because choice pieces of the meal can be found in strange places .
We made a table out of wood for our intertwined bodies .
We made a table out of wood for our intertwined bodies .
We 'd play a special game where you declare who you favor .
I just finished being pregnant and delivering a baby .
Gaining 4/10 of a pound
Experimental anime becomes better over time , Warp and Kaiba have improved .
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun buy misbehaving .
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun buy misbehaving .
Because she 'd go into work to see him .
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
Because they were good friends with girls I know
Because they were good friends with girls I know
We might be playing some real hunt type of a game instead of a search hunt .
She felt pressured to do it because it was her boss .
She was already in love with him .
She will lose her job for good .
She will be able to work even harder for him
Because races are isolated events , and including others adds more isolation to it .
It charges on a per use basis .
This book might tell of angry stories about Marie Therese
Some of the prescription drugs I use cause it .
They studied hard and made sure to pass their test .
Because it was time to surface .
I accidentally left the right earphone in a glass of water .
He closed the door on her .
There was a spare set with someone else .
He makes inappropriate remarks .
He did not like our company and felt that we fussed over him too much
Because they have accepted some things that happened in the past .
Because the writer wrote about it .
She would feel nervous about the recorder .
The narrator might take a different way home
Because they thought it would be a fun thing to do .
Because the house is in Provo .
They are not interested in American history
Its prices are steep .
I will go back and try to sort the emails into different folders with their specific subjects for future archival purposes
It helps me get on the road again .
Because they took the apple from the tree .
Because they regret the fight entirely .
Have not been online as often as I 'd like , mostly due to dial up .
I might have thanked Maria but did n't promise to pay back the favor .
Because she sat with her peers .
I accidentally straightened the key into shape .
Every room was smaller then the last .
It was involuntary and she did it without thinking .
Because his father and mother got into fights .
The truth ABOUT PALIN
I needed to take a month off .
I needed to take a month off .
I printed a new one for PB1 as well .
Because downtown was really crowded .
A customer made a sexist remark about women
They do n't tolerate sexism
Thenarrator will take the tools to be sharpened .
He has studied Mayan history
Because the writer was due on April 17 .
They are easy to deal with and talk to .
The narrator would be impressed with their principals
Because the yoga pants were in a wad at the bottom of my bag .
Because they left their home
Because they moved to Siberia
I like to participate in community theater .
Because this person may dazzle everyone with a great work of fiction .
I will have a good rest of the night but might not remember much .
I took a photo of an daisy .
Because he is growing up .
They are moving into a new home
They are not moving into a new home
Carbon River Road would have more snow
The snow would all be melted
There would be more snow on the trial
Carbon River Road would have more snow
I had an awful layover in Chicago for 8 hours .
Because she had a difficult task ahead of her .
The writer
Because they called my dad .
He was about to go in for a kiss .
He wanted to move forward with a relationship .
Jay and the narrator took a train to NYC
The narrator forgot about his trip to NYC soon after .
The narrator forgot about his trip to NYC soon after .
Because soon it would be too dark .
Because they thought it would be a nice addition to their life .
Because Russia has successfully invaded Georgia .
I did n't have anything on .
She is looking for a potential groom .
In a live music bar
in a recording studio
Because the man was tied to the front booth .
I prefer avoiding doing the more practical course work
I saw an attractive car .
Because it was n't carbonated yet .
He would n't be married to their mother
He would be in poor health
I might be visiting an area what is popular among Americans as well as Asians .
I need all the money I can save for my vacation .
I need to spend all the money I can before my vacation .
The narrator might be trying to describe a highly probable scenario .
It was hard to develop a certain character .
Because he had to dress himself under the joy of being half naked in front of people .
The base given up as a result of an error must count against the pitcher as an error .
I would have sought a job at a different school because I do n't want to work with Valenciano
Char fell into the center of the pool and I knew I had to save him .
So that parents would be engaged in the film as well as they would likely be seeing it with their children
They felt it was too hot .
They felt too tired .
Because there was a technical hitch
I would make sure that I continue to produce good work
They would have gotten sick
Because her hair still has that boiled amber sheen .
I would n't be able to get anything done that day .
The flowers would survive through the time that my parents were not there to care for them
Because I thought that would be a good product for me .
Because of their horse
I thought that they would not mind if there was a small scrape or two
He might have sprawled because that 's the least common defense against the back mount .
Because the writer was writing in their livejournal .
Because it 's my fault .
Because the writer had to stop often
I still use a pacifier .
I still suck my thumb .
Frank was excited about going on the boat and showed it through that kiss .
Talking to him on the phone and getting the chaos get out of control because of it helped me realize it .
Because people were discussing politics .
The welcome ceremony would n't happen until 2 .
They were being summoned .
Because they were at Union Station for hotel departure .
My father 's life improved greatly and was no longer miserable .
When a bunch of women approached them , they stayed on the same side .
They wanted to be fondled by someone on the otherside .
They did n't want to give them the same oppurtunity as the ones on the train .
He nipped me on the leg .
Because they thought it would be fun .
Because they set off around 11:30 .
Because her place looked incredible .
I used to know them when I worked in Tennessee .
He might treat the writer like she 's invisible
My transportation did n't arrive on time .
I lost my luggage .
People will realize that he is dodging the true question by giving odd philosophical answers
None of the above choices .
Ma did that because my throat was scruffed .
They went astray .
You will begin to realize that you can make it through any struggle and that things will get better
Because they thought it would be fun .
They airplane exploded and fell apart on the house .
They wanted to see the event happening .
The team would still be able to win because positions at the back are less important
We wanted to ride a boat on it .
It was overpriced .
Because he hoped it was n't too soon .
He might have gotten thirsty at night and was looking for water .
Because he gave it up .
People would not believe what had happened
Because asking a personal question like that is rude , unless we make it into a joke
He must feel it 's so good it makes you want to kill someone .
Because the air works .
She knew people were more likely to feel sorry for a cute kid and give him money so she used that
I have to stay with him over the holidays but I dislike him and do n't know what to do
I did n't show up to work for three days .
Confrontational
Pensive
They walked away from her
Finding the lost camping gear in the snow was difficult .
He wants to know that I do not care about my ex and that I want to be with him not my ex
This finale might have been broadcasted from LA , CA .
I would fall into a deep sleep .
They lacked basic ingredients and ran out of many foods .
Because they are placed where the magazines used to be .
Flacco 's team might have relied on the passing game to score and the defense to win the game .
She wants to have pretty , womanly nails and feels that when I cut them I prevent her from having her nails done well
Because they did n't feel pain from the beer can .
Throwing a party on the television .
Throwing the party on the television .
The government asked him to stop by and create havok with them .
The government asked him to stop by and create havok with them .
They want to write all the blood pressures down to give them medicine .
They want to write all the blood pressures down to give them medicine .
Their blood pressure may get back under control .
They may be able to exercise more frequently .
Phillippe Petite still performs to this day .
Phillippe Petite has to perform to this day and it annoys him .
Because they had to track Conrad down .
She was the stereotypical businesswoman .
They are watching the Olympics
I decided to send the dog to the pound .
A manager that was interviewing me .
Simply a great great day .
Simply a great great day .
Watt might be an Asian fusion restaurant .
Things were progressing .
Because he thought that was the correct exit to take .
I was tired from entertaining people
I had spent the weekend working
The loving mood was only temporary
Someone could steal the card and use it .
I was preparing for tomorrow 's breakfast .
I might view my personality as strange enough to be described by sensical images .
My offense felt funky .
Because they thought they would enjoy making it .
He has grown up angry and cold and even though he loves me he struggles to show it at times
Because Kanji had a meager dinner .
Because the writer needed to wake up at a certain time .
I was betrayed by my significant other who I loved .
Because JK is ready to break up with TO , and just need some space .
We understand that we are n't on the same frequency .
Because the most amazing thing happened earlier .
It was a gift from the hotel owner .
It was a gift from the hotel owner .
I might feel that the meetings at work are a good use of time .
They could see the building across the street
Because the writer does n't expect them to be scared of it .
I needed to showcase the new fall colors in clothing .
I would have been finished sooner and had more spare time to relax in the evening
Because I 'm interested .
Ryan and Erin went to the reception before they were married in a ceremony .
Ryan and Erin went to their friends ' wedding before they went to the reception .
Because the writer has been popping over there now and again .
I will get my period at the same interval as before
I might have had enough money and might have been able to find the time .
We kids kept playing with the motor boat at night .
He was starting to get violent .
Because it allows the girl to set records .
They would have posted sooner
The mice would be active in there
Because I could still wear these to work .
I want to be sure that I pay attention to my dreams because this one is recurring
Peanut is a term sometimes used to describe a small child .
Because they just started writing .
Because bb 's are darker colored , but they will show worse against the white background .
I would feel a strong urge to bang something with my fist .
I would stop my friend from playing the air guitar at the concert .
They will no longer have to wake up at 6 o clock
Because she wanted to hear silence on the other end of the line .
They wanted to get some fuel in before beginning the main hike
Because the writer has time .
Because what I do n't like is the " hard sci fi " and this book does seem like it .
They want to play the guitar
The one group elected to have c - sections .
Because it was Sunday evening .
I was biased against Rome before we even landed in the country
I declined because I did not want to be at the shipping center so late because it is creepy at night
Because Jon wanted to do something nice for me .
Because they needed the room for something else .
Because they need a face balanced putter .
We wanted to explore gaps in the mountains
We wanted to find a cave
Because they chilled on the riverfront .
Powerlines fell onto them .
Because they did enjoy it .
They would have had fun
They would have had fun
I would not be able to afford it myself
I might sleep on the bed myself
It would have been a smoother trip in the weather had been different .
Because registration costs money .
I will call the landlord to fix the windows and leaks .
The person will start a diet
The narrator would have taken the bus
The narrator would n't have taken the bus
Paul looked like a dreamer to me .
Paul looked like a dreamer to me .
I am no longer meet Paul in my dream .
I may be trying to forget Paul unconsciously .
Every child is unique and brings something different to my life which is irreplaceable from one child to the next
Because Lara died .
The US will begin to see that Russia intends to protect Georgia and will respect them
I do n't want to hang out with her as much .
I made her do it .
I did n't have so much as an egg to fry for breakfast tomorrow .
The democrats attempted to rectify the issues with the economy and John McCain stopped them .
I was doing the walk - around and ran into her .
He always helps precisely when I ask for it .
He might be the sherif deputy on the case .
I paid attention to how I was doing and tried to see if I could breathe better
I had not eaten in a long time
He is a popular footballer and people were excited to hug him
Because there were samples on the organ .
They do not like shopping
They do not like My Little Ponies
They are creative and artistic
They are n't creative and artistic
Because he required payment for the flight we just took .
A flight was cancelled
I had to leave for a meeting at work .
I texted him to set up a date .
Because we both might be out of work but enjoy being outdoors affecting our job search .
He wanted to get a big tip and knew by being friendly we 'd be more likely to leave a nice tip
I keep spoons for knitting there .
They may take the phone off their plan
I thought that they may be indications that I was entering labor
He would end up never attending the game because he does n't like me .
Because they are planning to build or paint something .
Because the school usually washed bloody items .
I went back to my job .
He wanted to remain there so no - one could find him .
Because they think other people will be interested in that .
Full tours are very large , so it 's easier to see MGMT on stage than in a small venue .
We might have gone into the Park blvd and picked a lot to dance and drink in .
It was the hollidays and she works retail .
They are doing something they have not done in a long time
Because it 's in a state of decline .
Because teaching is learned at teacher 's college .
I might break up with him and recommit to the relationship .
The party was a surprise party for my mother
Having goals that seem impossible and scary .
The job has a flexible schedule
He backed up in front of me only to make a statement .
He was telling me that his favorite motorcycle company is better than my favorite motorcycle company .
Because it was over a month ago .
Because I thought I would enjoy it .
Because we 'll see how long they keep it working .
Because it 's not that big a place .
Because we are going to be apart for a while
Because we are going to be apart for an while .
The battery cut off
She does n't like to have dinner with tons of girls .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
They did not have much in common because of their age difference .
She will get the redemption that she is looking for .
I found the manager at the farmers market and told them that the prices were unfair
The woman does n't like her job .
The couple sit down and talk to each other .
They thought some readers would find it useful .
Because my sister and I have n't lived to together since she was nine .
Because the writer was losing their hearing .
Interactions between others would become something different .
Because there was a whole tutorial .
She will choose to obey Lucius because he is in control
The narrator got a hair cut
She likes to keep me in the loop by leading me on
Because the writer 's brother sleeps on the couch .
A very special package
I will throw away the box the package came in
It uses a Moog synthesizer .
Because I was busy with other things after I served it .
They are not having back problems
They do not believe in chiropractors
It makes me feel refreshed in the morning .
They would run around the path
They would be out of shape
It has a deep history .
I must have reworked the thesis at least twice before .
I knew they would all be time consuming - waiting to see a Tax volunteer to help me file our taxes ( a job John usually does ) , picking up a prescription , and mailing a box to my beloved .
He was interested in one of the ladies that he bought the drinks for .
It 's far from Issaquah .
It does n't have all the space you 'll need .
Because it makes the separation from loved ones so much easier .
I will have to repeat Algebra II again .
Someone might describe Jeff to be a close minded but willing to engage others .
Because the writer is wearing armor .
Because it was now Friday .
I have no one to look after me or just cuddle .
I had something really important planned .
Quiet and unassuming
None of the above choices .
Because the boys are both feeling better .
She usually showers before bed but he does not know this
I knew I was going to have a late breakfast .
Because they have n't achieved as much as they could have .
Because his wife does n't get to blog as often as she would like .
Going out for dinner as a group would be a lot of fun
We are looking for food to eat and the algae is looking tasty !
She will want to stay in and read a book
The library did n't have a biography section .
It might be concluded that I 'm not white as white girls do n't typically point out others being white .
I did some serious soul searching .
Because we are all created equal .
They both wanted to start working with EPA .
because it is too hot
I might be trying to accomplish being online no more than 3 hour a day .
Because it was unjustified .
Because there was n't much traffic being driven to the site .
My hours were increasing .
My hours were increasing .
Whenever we are at the shooting range together using our pistols
Because they were in a car accident .
He did n't get a toy he wanted and it hurt my feelings as well as his .
They would not accept my apology knowing that I was just trying to get over the fight
I was asked to do a competition with a friend .
I was asked to do a competition with a friend .
Because I have been increasing my abilities but not knowledge about the poses .
I would not be able to finish my studies in time
The doubtful economy causes this result in humanity .
The writer .
There will be more changes to Picasa
Because they do n't have a lot of money .
They knew exactly where their keys were
They feel foolish right now
He had intended to present the audio to her later after editing it and had not had a chance to do so yet
I find that I really like Print100 and brag about them constantly
It is truly changing the course of business in the entertainment industry .
Because society deems it sensible .
None of the above choices .
I will be exhausted from packing and moving .
because the weather makes things extra difficult
The doctor was too sick to call .
A trip
She is obligated to be there
She finished travelling for school .
Because the cafes were affordable .
Yes , it would be stuck inside the closet , it can not work the door .
Because Monday is the writer 's busiest day .
Because they hate me and want me to be afraid of them .
I was carrying water while I went over to him and the cup slipped from my hand and I dropped water on him accidentally
I recently had the internet service transferred to my name .
Because there is some severe weather in Chicago .
It 's an adaptation of a complex work .
I did n't like her so that 's why my father did it .
I wanted to see if there was a discount on sandals .
I wanted to see if there was a discount on sandals .
Because all the cartridges had been made .
Because the system is broken and does n't function well .
I decided to start running more .
Because the writer knew something all along .
They avoided having a traffic accident .
They were only 16 and just learning .
They wanted to be able to handle anything scary .
The narrator went to sleep
It was the second idea I had if I could n't go to the other event .
She is my best friend
I wanted to see the sun set
I wanted to see the sun set
I might have been wondering when it was going to open so I can try them out .
Because they did disable embedding .
I might be influenced by small things like interesting settings and stories about the movie .
Bright flicks of lightening .
Give the baby an aspirin to ease her pain .
Give the baby an aspirin to ease her pain .
Loud booming noises in the sky .
We sailed steadily into the english channel , I had enough experience to keep us on course
Because they thought they would enjoy it .
He wanted to be my role - model .
Because the court rules may reflect the legislature 's but does n't reflect the people 's views .
I might be expecting but not hoping it to be a financial success .
The news interested Timmy .
Because the writer is n't going to turn it into a political blog .
I get upset when I spend money .
I get upset when I spend money .
This kid 's section might be located in a library .
I had to get some pictures and there was a big line .
They would no longer be aired every day on the nightly TV schedule .
One of them started dating an animal .
Her tire would be flat .
Her tire would need air .
She would tire is ok to drive .
She would think tires were all good to drive .
I might be an avid fan of nonfictions and documentaries .
She did not care how it went and did not bother to do too much so everyone's expectation was low and when it was not as bad as expected people had a good time
Because the characters are interesting .
I organized another exchange so I could practice some more for the next week
Because he took him to places .
Because he was enjoying them .
Watching the movie made them sick and they could never watch it again .
I am just exaggerating what actually happened to me .
There is a heated competition between fans that they 're trying to stop .
They were in a time warp .
Because school is going well .
Because I was loaded with anticipation .
The little Vauxhall Corsa was being towed .
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
We found out alleged lake was just an open river .
We lost track of time because of rainbow .
The whole trip took about 5 hours .
We like to spend time in nature .
They has to move where there is no internet .
None of the above choices .
They hated moving to the new location .
They hated moving to the new location .
Flat tires must not happen often enough such that going 3 weeks without one is notable .
To make the students engage in competition .
This narrator might feel the McCain campaign resorts to just tactics .
He has moved out of the house and I do n't see him as regularly as before
The place would n't be as crowded
Because they want the script to be used in a film or play .
Because he was fighting in a war .
I did something divergent on that holiday .
I like being able to get up if I need to without disrupting the event and still be close enough to see the speaker at the front
The orange color would have stayed on my skin for a longer time and been harder to remove
I might end up getting a statutory warning .
I had been breathing abnormally and the doctor 's noticed .
He wanted to go out with me as soon as possible because he likes me .
Because it kicked into life .
Because the 19 month old child was trapped in a room .
The dangerous smile might hide a real beneficence that means to do me justice .
I am traveling at the moment for an event and do n't have access to a computer where I am
Because more people purchased the wii than the xbox .
She was the pilot in a plane crash .
Because it was later on in the evening .
I did not have a class scheduled at that time
I was exhausted after getting other things done .
Because I wanted it to become untangled .
They make profit when customers order it .
Because they have n't yet learned what 's happened in the past 6 months .
Because the museums and tours were closed .
To do something fun .
He could n't ditch his spouse and his child .
Because they found that to be interesting .
I must be referring to a web page but not a paper page .
Because the route is 10 minutes by bike .
Because we renewed my library card .
They made a huge error and wanted to fix it .
I would have decided to join their cause simply because I had no real reason not to
Because the bus stopped .
Because the writer discovered a mural on the wall .
I had the urge not to ingest it .
I had the urge not to ingest it .
It would be their last chance to view it .
They have sustained an injury
he does not care that the smell is offensive to other people
Because they needed to eat some food from an conveyor belt .
I could n't bring myself to throw away unneeded items .
Because it was hard for the professor to get his point across .
She and Tom wanted to do it together to celebrate how the bees buzzed .
Because they have n't had much experience on them .
I am excited to have had this experience .
I am tired because of all the excitement .
Because they are taking pictures on Thursday .
I would likely finish the book regardless because it was a gift
They were handled incorrectly at the party .
She was rejected
Captivation
Captivation
It did n't meet my expectations .
Because complaining about the problems relieves some pent up problems .
I might play tennis rarely enough to be good enough to win against another player .
i might have gotten drunk and passed out next to it .
The food there is rich and tasty and it is difficult to curb one 's eating habits so I ended up overeating a lot and gaining weight
Because the person is a God .
He stopped playing instead of joining a different team .
I simply needed to end the day .
I simply needed to end the day .
She noticed something flying by her .
I seem to ignore overeating and seem to blame the negative impact of dairy product .
I did n't have time to watch the coverage .
Because it 's early to be asking a question .
Because there were fork - related sightings .
Fred and Angelina attended a friends wedding
Fred and Angelina will begin their new life together
I thought it would be funny to bring it to the " night with the big wigs .
Some music that sounded like it came from somewhere it should n't have .
I am pleased that it is in the parking lot cos parking will be easier
Because they are n't scheduled to work .
None of the kids in school would be aware what happened
The kids all went to the gym for an assembly
Because she is going to have labour pains .
I will feed her less food at meal times .
I will extract weight off of her surgically .
She will realize that she 's no good at it and likely give up
I prefer to write about characters who are facing difficulties and hardships
Because the rice was cooked ahead of time .
I knew that I could change the result .
Because the sippy cup did not leak .
There were probably a hundreds or more photos recorded .
Only the RAM malfunctioned so I was provided with a work computer
They would find that their drinks are cold but too strong
It is the only film available in the musical category .
It is the only film available in the musical category .
I had to reschedule the meeting because my time slot was taken up by someone else because I 'd forgotten my paper
Because it started to downpour .
He would be foaming at the mouth
Because he believes she deserves to die .
Because they were exactly 30 minutes .
I might be planning to carry the bottle wherever I go in my bathroom .
Because I wasn't going to get daily massages after all .
Because I 've seen these stamps advertised .
Because summer is looming around the corner .
They will see that it was only the scarf that they really liked and the rest of her stuff is not as appealing
I might feel that my dog are I are worlds apart .
Because I 'm not accustomed to that lifestyle .
Because the writer texted Amanda on Saturday .
The writer
They are really sick but will probably be fine .
I was n't allowed to celebrate with a party .
Because Mike and Tracy had n't gotten any sleep .
Because they were very impressed with the artist 's performance .
Because it went better than I had worried it would .
Because there was a certificate awarding .
I would not have purchased weed
I would not be smoking weed
I refused to go out of the house so could n't get weed
I refused to go out of the house so could n't get weed
Because a nurse put tubes into a needle .
She expected the movers to take all day .
Because it allows me to examine her trust issue in a vague way .
Because it was a Saturday night .
They were acting their age in a young setting .
She was giving a farewell .
Because it was locked down .
Lie down and get some rest for a while .
Lie and tell Lisa that everything is fine .
I used to be prepared in barely an hour when I went on trips alone but with the family it takes less time because we are more people so I do n't see why people need 6 hours
Connor stole some string cheese that was vital to cooking the dinner .
Because the fair started .
Because the writer had to have another .
The boxer will get a knock out .
Because they were introduced to it in 1998 .
I ate cookies for the first time
I would have thrown them out
I would have dipped them in more milk
I will learn to deal with the responsibilities and manage my own requirements all on my own which will be great for me as an adult
This person did not quit , the made a sacrifice to their bosses for extra appreciation .
This person did not quit , the made a sacrifice to their bosses for extra appreciation .
The new patch was reverted .
Because I was on the ground .
I got an advance warning about some bad stuff .
He was speaking at a mile a hour .
Because I was hit in the face .
Because they might have some serious medical condition .
I wanted my hair to be noticeable .
Because she made a phone call to the writer .
They had excellent mechanics .
Because the writer made a post about it .
I got to close off the neighborhood dock and have it to ourselves .
Because Kew offered such a good service .
It would not be growing penicillin
I might find some time in the weekdays to get more sleep so I can get over my cold .
He probably wanted to have a nap to pass the time
I was having a workout session
I was planning to work out
I was not on time
I was not on time
Because the presentation took an hour .
Because they were visiting Diet Blog
We flew International to attend a funeral
we will be flying to attend funeral
It was a reminder for him as to why he quit and how far he had come since that last cigarette
Cabrera did n't make it to third .
It might be because the teachers were not well trained or I was n't prepared .
I was inspired by someone else with a similar issue .
Because I am getting straight A 's this fall .
I got to take a video of Wish You Were Here .
