None of the above choices .
He was married before and she might come back one day .
An ambulance would likely come to the scene
The bus would arrive at the stop soon
He likely fell on the sidewalk and hit his head while intoxicated
He was bleeding .
Because it was late .
I was able to separate myself from the world .
It is a precursor to understanding his success in future endeavors .
None of the above choices .
Indpendent
She becomes angry with her husband
My throat is infected .
The pilot wanted to test out the floats and decided to use them
It makes no difference to Baby E what is going on around him .
None of the above choices .
Sometimes your current insurance will be too complacent with you .
They 've never been picky about mouse pads
Because an incident report would be sent to RTD
Amelia wished for it .
None of the above choices .
Those groups happened to give better feedback because they were just better
I lost my well paying job .
I ca n't get off medical leave .
Because this weekend we visited a friend .
Less females would have the opportunity to become athletes
They would be writing a story about it
Because they have to work at their own pace .
Because they sang the chorus together .
You would experience less anxiety .
Because it was the beginning of a change .
They are not pleased with the valet service
My child is young and need '
Just because it ca n't be done but because it 's fun .
Because Robin felt the responsibility and duty to do it herself .
I would have rather gone to school which provided magic pens
They are on vacation
I wanted a break from my family .
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
The sport fiesta was too short so it ended really abruptly
Because a shooting game involves violence but do n't kill people .
Being sought out means that other trust and recommend you , it is validation .
He would correct me when I say I 'm his mom .
Because the shoes felt fantastic .
Unemployment
Unemployment
She does n't know her way around the system
I am an myspace addict .
She consoles me and makes me feel better about myself .
I would work my abdominal muscles .
She would take the baby to work .
She would try to find a babysitter .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money .
Because she would take care of them if they were sick .
The sun assists in warming the paint so it is easy to apply
I realized I could not do any better than her so I just copied what she had done
Because they were n't scheduled to work at that time .
They are an injury
Air force
I was irritated that I had to work when I could have been home packing for my trip
It would help me slur my words so we could laugh about it .
I had never been to South Korea so moving there and living there for a year was crazy .
I did n't have to work for compensation .
Because they are mocking the writer .
The teacher was tardy .
He had free access to the net .
It got a new coat of color .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I could ride in an helicopter for the first time if I went to Tanjung Aru .
Because he returns home Friday .
They had great looks .
I am losing too much weight .
I am losing too much weight .
She , her husband .
None of the above choices .
Because we had extra cash
Because they were at the airport .
He is lactose intolerant so it hurts him to eat cheese .
Because there is Casino night .
We want a floor that will look pleasant because it peels up .
Because they forgot to bring it with them .
He could make it fun .
I must have attended a fall semester .
Because the writer stuffed up a couple times .
My wife and I are swingers and some nights at dinner we " cheat "
The studies are more likely to render good and diverse results
Because it felt it was in danger .
They would be too great .
Because they are experiencing the effects of reducing smoking
The stations have good food at them so they 've expanded over the years
Because she tucked her hands behind her .
Because she is about to give birth .
Because the writer is making lighthearted jokes .
He likes me .
Nothing should be worn to make a statement .
Because the writer believes people are interested .
Tokyo
Because the manager likes to exaggerate .
None of the above choices .
Since I made the recipe up , I didn't know the right measurements for waffles .
Her friend would n't look her in the eyes .
None because Mike would have started to dislike me .
Because it is in need of repair .
The role he was playing required him to look not as attractive
He was trying to hard to look good and it showed poorly
None of the above choices .
Sid Lucero 's acting and good looks had a positive impact on me
I shot up 20 lbs ?
I might neither travel nor cook at different altitudes .
Because the fish had Mediterranean stuffing .
Because it was Sunday August 31 .
Because I am responsible .
It was being made for an event .
Because the ball just started a short time before .
Because the seats were located in the centre .
Because she had stomach pains .
Because she had three boys .
Because they are stupid and are n't thinking about the potential consequences .
It has no traffic .
It 's risky to drive on it .
A stained glass window
I am an avid golfer
I got loans ridiculously easy .
The river could not have flowed faster than we could row upstream .
She is n't feeling well .
Because they are interested in her .
Because the writer could n't find anything wrong with the place .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
Mom wanted to eat Fish and they took her out .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they ca n't obtain the breed they want .
We will have to break off our engagement because we are not financially stable enough
I might be tasked to teach the one on one class from now on
Because they may have arrived at a selling price that 's too low .
Because she is transitioning
Because the writer found a shell .
The person wanted to have companionship .
The puppy owner does after holding the puppy ?
The puppy owner does after holding the puppy ?
I got a full time job and work
None of the above choices .
Because the crowds at the Dark Knight were very noisy
Because he's really into cycling .
Because it soon was airborne .
Because she is interested in him .
I was staying in a high school dormitory .
They are not a fan of manga
They are not a fan of manga
They would have caught that bus
They would n't have caught that bus
They want to jump a mile high .
They love to see peoples reactions when they laugh loudly .
She may have been busy with school work .
Because it was kind of late .
Because experience draws them together .
They do n't like Lake Michigan
One of the lamp shades cracked .
They wanted to show support for their candidate .
It was hosted to stimulate brain - stretching conversation .
Because the pain never came back .
Because someone needed my help .
Heather had a tonsillectomy
My wife had a tonsillectomy .
Because someone has to make everything difficult .
I was worried that my sickness would come up while I felt sick and unhealthy
We needed to complete some paperwork .
The Monkees no longer make music so it was interesting .
It is possible the accident fractured her tailbone .
She potentially has a fracture in her tailbone .
Because they thought it would be enjoyable to watch .
I might be a dentist
It had high - quality products in high - quantities .
Sarah and John might have been being chased by a villain .
Heck might stop believing the dirty tricks theory , and the belief might get weaker .
Laura is outgoing and explored more than I did ..
They are over the age of two
The narrator dropped the cotton in the water glass
Because I was going about 60 km / hr .
Because the writer cried .
Because intentional injury .
They enjoy speaking Pashto
Because no character represented Sony 's hardware
Because half the bag of pretzels is around 20
Because it was n't awkward .
A speaking engagement
Happy
Nervous
The speaker is injured by the woman .
Because a body was lying in a trash can
We really enjoy the sensation and the tears and numbing effect and even though we have those effects we really love the meal
My phone could break .
He would want them on the bowling team
I let my stress and emotions take over me .
Because the company has some new TV 's .
It might be because she does have better things to do .
We would interact with people of the arts .
It must have meant a minor deal as they have spent any time planning it .
They have the patience to sweat it all out
Tim finds Hectors behavior strange and does not want to meet more people like him ,
Hector displays troubling behavior and Tim does not want to meet people acting the same
Because the water heater might have been working good enough .
The narrator might believe the remodeling and landscaping can raise the value of your home .
I might not have had a time slot open for him to get a massage for my birthday .
She wanted to flirt with me and show me her good hygiene .
They would have gotten teased
They would have gotten teased
Brian was injured at school
Doctors are extremely intelligent
He was unsettling .
Because the Grand Canyon is large .
Because they did n't toast it properly
Those were the team colors .
It means that B and I are really close .
For chronic pain and depression
Because I do n't pay for cable tv
Because he got very upset .
A request to feed her children
I was growing attached to someone .
It almost got hit in the traffic .
They are taking care of a child
They do not have children
I will continue to work until all the clinical work becomes second nature to me
Because they enjoyed hunting .
She thought she was going to meet her demise .
Because the writer 's nails are aching .
Because they have sandwiches and chips set between the diamond .
She would have asked me to let her know some of my other thoughts
She would have asked me to let her know some of my other thoughts
I must be feeling great about it since it has less hours and pay for things I used
He tends to be very skilled but just not as good as some of the others in division 1
Her limbs were forced into a tight space .
It was excellent watching them upstairs and celebrating their win
Because of trying times
I would think it 's cozy and relaxing .
He can recognize a good student .
He can recognize an bad student .
Richelle will love him for a short time .
He falls in love easily and for short periods of time .
They love Mitch . It 's a term of endearment .
He will dump Richelle after a short period of time .
I am okay with them using the shower but annoyed that I had to clean it myself
My work place might have a rule against coming into work with a laughter .
None of the above choices .
Because it falls on November 28th
I am just not good at math so it was better I didn t take it .
California gets a lot of rain .
How to influence the law makers .
A person who explained the rule of law using audiovisual materials
A person who explained the rule of law using audiovisual materials
How to influence the law makers .
They might fall in love with you
Because I 'm happy for you .
Because I coasted for half a mile .
She desired one but did n't want to deal with the price .
I would be unable to complete my project on time
I was used to having people around and because I was feeling bad , being alone felt additionally bad
Because 15 Republicans votes against it .
Because the farmer was wearing a red shirt
The person was injured during the talk .
The person attended the dinner with the professor and female astronauts
I would be depressed and hurt and I would not know what
I 'm excited that she 's moving out soon
I may move back home
It would be a cake walk .
He thought that we were better looking when we sucked in our guts and made our butts seem tighter
I did n't have it in me to take action in the situation with the authors .
The time might not pass as fast
The narrator
They would have slept well
They would have been two hours late
He was trying to come up with the story .
That being depressed is normal .
That being depressed is normal .
They will know that depression can be cured .
They will know that depression can be cured .
I bought a lot of food and extra , unneeded things in Ikea .
Because Will taught her .
She will be burned out during the holidays and that will disappoint her
Because all of their equipment failed at the same time .
Because it 's rare to see cockatoos flying freely because they 're not kept as pets .
He passed away while writing .
Because my dad might have been expecting a call from someone .
The store gets crowded on that day .
Mike and I would get all of my things moved in to the old house and organized .
Because the writer took a powernap ?
Because they just got laid off .
None of the above choices .
Because she was n't able to explain what happened to her .
They are celebrating that their dad is dead .
They are celebrating that their dad is dead .
Their so called friends wanted them to move .
Their so called friends wanted them to move .
He moved his furniture to another room .
The stairs were falling in .
It would go unused for a period of time
It would be where her son lived .
They would be irritated to have their physical privacy invaded
I might have gone to a flying show and did n't enjoy the experience .
Because I ca nt feel the satisfaction .
Susanne is moving to Copenhagen .
Susanne thinking about living in Copenhagen
Because people might be able to learn something from her .
The book touches on justice .
Because they will want for love or nurture .
This person is preparing for a festival , in Japan .
This person is preparing for a festival , in Japan .
Because he doesn't want to pack and unpack machines .
It would just be a extra windy day .
The area where the game was held was hot .
It was difficult to get any privacy while there .
The place was too cheap and not fancy enough .
Because Darlene could n't find anything she liked .
People often get part time jobs around Christmas
Because I did it for a short period of time
The temperature was in the pleasant 90s .
She lost her legs .
Writing is just the only way to do it now .
I am a judgmental person if
We will be on the road for a long time
To run several hundred miles in Detroit metro area .
They got a new phone and it is n't working the same .
We would relax .
When traveling for work , some people find answers in the aisle of Walmart .
In Walmart , all of life 's questionable event have answers .
He will look forward to his next dance that will happen
We had to dress up and pretend to be someone else so that we were permitted into the country club
My constant fussing over the cats causes me to get hot from constantly worrying about them
He loved being pushed by me over and over .
This probably happened in Winter
Because people were getting on the ground .
I continued believing in God .
I continued believing in God .
I want to get back to my job faster after I leave my house for the day .
It is currently in the game .
Because he was very upset about something .
To change the color .
To change the color .
His suicide attempt failed .
He misses me when he leaves .
He is paralyzed from spine injury .
He is paralyzed from spine injury .
The car has more space to use the front or rear wheels to accelerate
Because his name is Dylan .
He decided to shave and dry his hair before doing anything else
I might have been expecting nothing and nothing must have happened .
They think Mormon history is boring
They enjoy learning about history
The mujahedin would win the war because of their superior stores and reserves
It might be concluded that I 'm too young to go to concerts and have a roommate .
Because the second set of photos are family photos
He was attempting to have a unique approach to art .
Because she had to have the baby .
Because she thought it was dangerous if it wasn't high enough .
Because the final road block was demolished .
Because everything is a paradise for computer users .
Because the writer likes Stargate .
She was n't interested in me .
Because the writer is supposed to hang out with Luke .
I fell when I bent to pick something up .
None of the above choices .
Because that would literally kill the old world content .
I spilled beer and it brought back memories .
Because most children are being entertained .
We intertwined our four bodies on top of a wood table .
We made a table for our intertwined bodies to lay on .
None of the above choices .
I got acid reflux from eating spicy food .
Eating Krispy Kreme
Experimental anime becomes better over time , Warp and Kaiba have improved .
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun buy misbehaving .
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun buy misbehaving .
Because she 'd go into work to see him .
I hung out with some girls I do n't really know
I hung out with some attractive , nice guys
Because other guys size you and judge you
Because they were attractive and nice
We might be playing some treasure hunt type of a game instead of a real hunt .
None of the above choices .
She was already in love with him .
She will lose her job for good .
Her boss will stop speaking to her .
Because races are isolated events , and including others add more isolation to it .
It uses a single - tenant architecture .
This book might tell of tragic stories about Marie Therese
Some of the prescription drugs I use raise my blood pressure .
Selling drugs in order to pay for school .
Because it 's been too long since our last post .
I accidentally left the right earphone in
He closed the door on her .
My roomates left a spare set at the apartment .
He does n't make inappropriate remarks .
Birds tend to want to be in nature and not locked up with people
Because it was great to be with family .
Because the writer and Sars enjoy each other 's company .
She would be cordial .
The narrator would have a longer than usual commute
Because the actor can do a Russian accent .
Because it 's a nice thing to do .
They are interested in American history
Its tea prices are fair .
I will have to search for the content of the email because I omitted the subjects in many of my emails and searching the subject would be unhelpful
It gives Trish some extra income .
Because they took the apple from the tree .
Because they were said during a heated moment .
Koi Fish are ideal for tattoo designs .
I might have thanked Maria and promised to pay back the favor .
Because zebras eat grass
I accidentally twisted the key out of shape .
Every room was smaller then the last .
Because their faces were an inch apart .
Because he is second oldest to his sister .
The eldest son is going to Iraq .
I was n't getting enough rest .
I was experiencing discomfort .
None of the above choices .
Because downtown was really crowded .
A customer made a racist remark about Asians
They do n't tolerate sexism
The narrator will take the tools back to the hardware store .
He has studied Tulum history
Because the writer was due on April 17 .
They 're a micromanager .
The narrator might not be impressed with their principles
Because my yoga pants might not be appropriate at work .
Because they moved to Siberia
Because they left their friends and family
I like to sing in musicals .
Because the writer may dazzle everyone with a great work of fiction
I will drive home afterwards because I drank .
They 're pornographic pictures .
Because he is growing up .
They do not like sunlight in the bedroom
They do not like sunlight in the bedroom
Carbon River Road would have more snow
There woul dbe higher amounts of snow to hike through
There would be more snow on the trial
Carbon River Road would have more snow
I had an awful layover in Chicago for 8 hours .
Because Miranda poured searing coffee .
None of the above choices .
Because I might be dehydrated .
He did n't want to touch him .
He wanted to move forward with an relationship .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
The narrator accidentally injured while visiting NYC .
Because soon it would be too dark .
Because the cat was brought home on a Saturday .
Because Russia has successfully invaded Georgia .
None of the above choices .
She is looking for a potential groom
in a recording studio
None of the above choices .
Because the man was tied to the front booth .
I prefer doing courses like drf180 which focus on practical work
I saw an attractive woman .
Because it 's free beer .
He would be in poor health
None of the above choices .
I might be visiting an area what is popular among Americans as well as Europeans .
I need to spend all the money I can before my vacation .
I need to spend all the money I can before my vacation .
The narrator might be trying to describe a highly unlikely scenario .
It was hard to develop the character named Hartnell .
Because he had to dress himself under the joy of being half naked in front of people .
The base given up as a result of an error must count against the pitcher as an error
I would have decided that teaching was not for me and quit my job
Char made me realize that I wanted a tattoo of a paw .
So that parents could watch the movie and understand it differently to how children would
They felt bored .
They were bored .
Because there was a technical hitch .
I am not near as undesirable as I was thinking for awhile there .
They would have a sore throat from verbal diarrhea
Because her hair is still perfectly coiffed .
I would still look good .
The flowers would continue to prosper even if they were not cared for
Because it takes an Italian BB .
Because of their horse
I thought that they would have done the same thing if the roles were reversed
He might have sprawled because that 's the most common defense against take downs .
Because the woman is interested in learning more about the writer .
Because it 's a 5 pound bag .
Because the writer had to cool completely down
I still suck my thumb .
I still use an pacifier .
None of the above choices .
Talking to him on the phone and getting the worst from the chaos because of it helped me realize it .
Because the writer 's first reaction was to smile .
Our meals would be delayed .
They were being summoned .
Because that 's what they do on Wednesdays .
My mother 's hair turned white .
They like to get fondled on the train .
They were tired of being fondled .
They wanted to be fondled by someone on the otherside .
He nipped me on the leg .
Because they did n't go anywhere new .
Because they set off around 11:30 .
Because her place looked incredible .
I used to know them when I was a kid
He 's sick of her nagging
My transportation did n't arrive on time .
I could n't recall what happened on Friday morning .
People will begin to love his roundabout way of answering questions
None of the above choices .
She was trying to get her medication out of my throat .
The knight made the puffs leave .
More things go wrong and you start to doubt those things you believed
Because the girls were in for a treat .
They think an earthquake happened .
They wanted to be the first with info on what happened .
His team would struggle because though it is a team sport , individual contributions are crucial
We wanted to ride a boat on it .
It was an antique .
Because John was n't too soon .
He might have gotten hungry at night and was looking for water .
Because they enjoyed their company .
Children would be prevented from spending too much time away from home because of fear from the parents
Because asking a personal question like that is common , unless we make it into a joke .
He must feel it 's so bad it makes you want to kill someone .
Because the writer wo n't melt in the 104 degree heat .
She knew that the cute kid would persuade people because people will do anything for a cute kid
I do n't know how I am going to spend time with his family during these holidays and I need some advice and help
It made me depressed .
Open minded
None of the above choices .
They asked to have one
Duncan Lake was closed to traffic due to heavy snow .
He wants to know that I do not care about my ex and that I want to be with him not my ex
This finale might have been broadcasted from Seattle , WA .
I would fall into an deep sleep .
They lacked basic ingredients and ran out of many foods .
Because they are eye - catching .
Flacco 's team might have relied on the running game to score and the defense to win the game .
She wants her nails longer and hates that I make it hard for her to grow them
Because they like to drink alcohol .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
About causing enough of a stir to get the attention of a secret agent .
He saw the living room was dimly lit and wanted to change the light bulb .
He saw the living room was dimly lit and wanted to change the light bulb .
They want patients to start taking care of themselves and not go to an doctor .
They want patients to get more involved in their own health .
Their blood pressure may get back under control .
Their weight will go up since they will eat more .
Phillippe Petite have a good sense of humor ?
Phillippe Petite has to perform to this day and it annoy
Because the writer was tired .
She was the stereotypical businesswoman .
They are watching the Olympics
I decided to send the dog home with her .
A tour guide in the town I visited .
Back to the mountain .
Back to the mountain .
Watt might be an Asian fusion restaurant .
Things were progressing .
Because they live in New Hampshire .
I was tired from entertaining people
I was tired from playing with my toys
They wo n't see each other tomorrow
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I might view my personality as common enough to be described by nonsensical images .
My offense felt funky .
Because it was on Monday .
None of the above choices .
Because the food tastes very bad .
Because big cats are playing rough with a kitten .
I was betrayed by my significant other who I loved .
Because JK is not ready to break up with TO , but does n't need some space .
We 're on the same frequency .
Because I saw a woman outside her car .
Somebody else made it for us .
We collected mangos around the place .
I might feel that the meetings at work are useless waste of time .
They could not see the building across the street
Because there 's her waist .
I want to make art out of it instead of buying it .
I would have been finished sooner and had more spare time to relax in the evening
Because I am lost once again .
Ryan and Erin danced together for the first time as husband and wife .
Ryan and Erin went to the reception before they were married in a ceremony .
Because Pickle naps every single day .
I will not get my period as regularly
I might have had financial issues but might have been able to find the time .
Almost nothing kept the noise from reaching my father 's bedroom .
He was starting to get violent .
Because the kids enjoy playing on it .
They would have dropped the ball
The mice would n't be active in there
Because I 've lost weight .
I want to write a story from this dream
We needed to make sure it was n't turned into peanut butter .
Because they were sad about something .
Because bb 's are lighter colored , and they will show worse against the white background .
I would freely move and cheer .
I would freely sing along to the melodies .
They will no longer have to wake up at 6 o clock
Because it 's good to wear for playing Scattergories Junior
They wanted to put off the hike as long as they could before starting
Because they ca n't swallow .
Because what I don't like is the " hard sci fi " and this book does n't seem like it .
They will buy another new guitar
The one group had babies that did n't drop in the womb so they needed c - sections .
Because we enjoy taking walks .
I prefer countries and cities which are more modern and contemporary rather than older and classical
I declined because I felt like I wanted to go watch a movie instead
Because I would like to do a run of this nature again .
Because no more Xbox Live .
Because they need to fill a wedge gap .
We wanted to explore gaps in the mountains
Wanted to find a cave
Because they took a 15 min long hot shower .
Our neighbors did n't want the trees in their yards .
Because the salt was from the Dead Sea .
They would have had hilarious experiences
They would have had hilarious experiences
I do n't need a dog bed for myself
I might sleep on the bed myself
We would have just missed out on some scenery on the trip .
Because they are trying to convert videos .
I will call the landlord to fix the windows and leaks
The person will start to exercise
The narrator would have taken the bus
The narrator would have come over
Paul died .
Paul died .
I am no longer meet Paul in my dream .
I may be trying to forget Paul unconsciously .
Every child is unique and brings something different to my life which is irreplaceable from one child to the next
Because Lara died .
The US will begin to see that Russia intends to protect Georgia and will respect them
I do n't want to hang out with her as much .
She was n't in love with me .
I might go shopping for liquor .
The democrats attempted to rectify the issues with the economy and John McCain stopped them .
None of the above choices .
He always helps precisely when I need it .
He might be the sherif deputy on the case .
I continued to eat more cereal
I may have had an allergic reaction
He is a popular footballer and people were excited to meet him
Because they had been on anesthesia .
They like My Little Ponies
They do not like shopping
They are creative and artistic
They only like certain types of art
None of the above choices .
They are irrational people .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because we both might work jobs that involve being outdoors affecting our productivity .
He wanted to be friendly and welcoming to us and did his best to do so to leave a good impression
I keep yarn for knitting there .
They might make the friend sell the phone
I thought that they may be indications that I was entering labor
Shay would end up never attending the game .
Because the writer should be home around eight .
Because the school usually washed bloody items .
None of the above choices .
He tried to kill someone .
Because they were just reading HippyChick 's blog .
Full tours are very large , so it's easier to see MGMT on stage than in a small venue .
We might have gone into the Park blvd and picked a club to dance and drink in .
She needed more time to get her hair fixed .
They are doing something they have not done in a long time
Because it 's in a state of decline .
Because new teachers will learn mostly from experience .
I might break up with him and start a new relationship .
My mom did not want to host the party
Being clear , specific goals
The writer likes being in the DHS branch
He was telling me that Harley Davidson motorcycles are better than Moto Guzzi motorcycles .
He was telling me that his favorite motorcycle company is better than Harley Davidson .
Because the writer has been waiting for a cheque .
Because Jeff wanted to take my convertible car on a test drive .
Because at 11 I realized I ca n't find it .
Because the hotel is quite well situated .
I am in love with this boy .
This is what happens when you feel a heartbeat .
The car
She does n't like to have dinner with tons of girls .
The mohawk needed a trim .
They did not have much in common because of their age difference .
Richard will meet her for the first time .
I realized that I had spent too much money and wanted to find a way to return some of my items
The woman suffers from bipolar disorder .
The couple separate .
They are making material progress .
Because my sister and I are young adults
Because the cat purrs with gusto .
Interactions between others would become something different .
Because it 's quite hard to describe .
She will choose to obey Lucius because he is in control
The narrator got a wig
She has a soft spot for me and has some feelings for me despite being in a relationship
Because the dog does n't chew stuff up .
A very special package
I will repackage the box
It is n't unique and it
Because moms never eat warm food .
They are not having trouble sleeping
They are not having trouble sleeping
It makes me feel refreshed in the morning .
They would be out of shape
They would not want to run
It has a deep history .
I must have reworked the thesis at least twice before .
I would neglect getting my medication .
He cultivated a cockney slur
It does n't have all the space you 'll need .
It 's far from Issaquah .
Because it makes the separation from loved ones so much easier .
I will have to repeat Algebra II again .
Jeff to be an open minded and willing to engage others .
Because the writer is wearing armor .
Because Tuesday through Thursday never existed .
I have no one to look after me or just cuddle with him .
I am sick and want my boyfriend to cuddle .
Quiet and unassuming
Those girls lost business
Because they have some boys that are below the teenage years .
She usually showers before bed but he does not know this
I packed an apple into my breakfast ?
Because the writer is living a life that most have n't lived .
Because his wife does n't get to blog as often as she would like .
A day down at the race track either racing or watching other cars race would be a lot of fun
We were trying very hard to find the sea snails .
She will ask to go to an park or to the movies
The library did n't have a biography section .
None of the above choices .
Many physical and emotional things happened to me .
Because gender is so important .
They wanted to promote variety in employees .
Because by August you are desperate
I might be trying to accomplish being online more than an hour a day .
Because it was unjustified .
Because there was n't much traffic being driven to the site .
My hours were increasing .
I got tired of my original goal to be a teacher .
Whenever we are at the shooting range together using our pistols
Because they were in a car accident .
He did n't get a toy he wanted and it hurt my feelings as well as his .
We would continue to bicker because I know that I am right
I was too lazy and depressed not to .
I was too lazy and depressed not to .
Because I have been decreasing in my abilities and knowledge about the poses .
I would fall so far behind I would not be able to catch up
They usually do n't , this is just a blanket statement of an politician .
A car .
There will be more changes to Picsa
Because the Tea Shake Hut sells bubble tea .
They do not feel forgetful right now
They do not feel foolish right now
He wanted it to be a surprise for her to hear at a later stage
People continuously ask me where to get my printing and I just tell them Print100 which begins to sound like I advocate for that company
The narrator would research the entertainment industry
Because the writer did n't think they 'd like the way it looks .
Paco 's peen
I will be exhausted from writing blog posts .
because the weather makes things extra difficult
The doctor was too sick to call .
A one night stand
She is just okay with it
She had just got back from school .
Because Krakow has more group tours .
Bat can open doors to get in , however they cannot open doors to get out .
Because Medieval Europe was really interesting .
Because they hate me and want them to be not afraid of me .
I was carrying water while I went over to him and the cup slipped from my hand and I dropped water on him accidentally
I found a sweet deal with another provider .
Because there is some severe weather in Chicago .
It s an adaptation of multiple books .
I did n't like her so that 's why my father did it .
I found some attire that I would enjoy .
None of the above choices .
Because the table was free .
Because someone truly wears glasses .
I decided to start running less .
Because the writer knew something all along .
Their driving lessons were finished and it was so scary .
They loved when their car was out of control .
They loved when their car was out of control .
None of the above choices .
I did n't want to get stuck watching a cheesy TV show .
She is my girlfriend
I heard a sound outside
I wanted to see the sun rise
I might have been wondering how it was going to open so I can critique them .
Because it 's unfortunate .
I might be influenced by small things like interesting settings and stories about the movie .
Bright flashes of lightening .
Give the baby an aspirin to ease her pain .
Give the baby an aspirin to ease her pain .
None of the above choices .
We drifted way off course because I had never steered a ship before
Because they went in with an idea of what to expect .
He wanted to be my role- model .
Because the court rules may not reflect the legislature 's
I might not be expecting or hoping it to be a financial success .
He found a hat that he like
Because the writer is n't going to turn it into a political blog .
I get a rush from spending money .
I get a rush from spending money .
This kid 's section might be located in a playground .
None of the above choices .
They would no longer be aired every day on the nightly TV schedule .
One of them is an animal .
Her tire would be flat .
Her tire would be flat .
She would know tire was n't flat .
She would know tire was n't flat .
I might be an avid fan of comics and romances .
Many brides tend to stress and worry about their wedding
Because the characters are interesting .
I told her that I would rather try with a different person next time
Because Lestat is generous .
Because he went on Splash Mountain .
They really made a troll mad and it upset their stomach .
I was n't using the correct weed pulling form .
The Queen of Teen is going to select an author as her " successor .
They had no homework .
Because school is almost over .
Because I was loaded with anticipation .
The little Vauxhall Corsa was being towed
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
The strangers blocked the road with their cars .
We were tired because of long trip .
None of the above choices .
None - the - less .
We are rusty jet boat riders .
They has to move where there is no internet .
Two dogs ran into them and made them cry .
They hated moving to the new location .
They have no internet and their Iphone was acting up .
Flat tires must happen rarely such that going 3 weeks without one is notable .
To make the students engage in competition .
The McCain campaign resorts to shadowy tactics .
He no longer talks to me and
The place would be transformed
Because they wanted to have a six hour meeting .
Because we hear the statistics of what has gone wrong for children .
I did something standard on that holiday .
I find that the middle is usually where the look when looking for volunteers
I would have easily been able to correct my issue by removing the color staining
People will be upset .
None of the above choices .
He is in love with me and wanted to be with me right then .
Because it kicked into life .
Because the 19 month old child was trapped in a room .
The dangerous smile might hide a real beneficence that means to do me good .
I was not permitted a computer in my carry on luggage and can not access the internet without that computer
Because metal gear solid and guitar hero on tour topped the game sales charts .
She was worried that no people were there for her .
Because it was later on in the evening .
I did not have an class scheduled at that time
None of the above choices .
Because it looks nice .
They serve wine .
Because Sora just needs to forget about people .
Because the writer was out of luck .
Salvaging ideas .
He could n't ditch his spouse and his child .
Because the writer watched the poor , old , crumpled women .
I must be referring to a paper page but not a web page .
Because the route is 10 minutes by bike .
Because she did her homework .
They made a huge error and wanted to fix it .
I would have joined the cause because I myself was bored at the time
Because the bus stopped .
Because they enjoy each other 's company .
I would have allergic reaction to gum .
I would have allergic reaction to gum .
I wanted to travel back there and check it out .
They have sustained an injury
He does not care what others think
Because they love going to Southcenter .
I could n't bring myself to throw away unneeded items .
Because I know a lot about computers
She and Tom wanted to do it together to celebrate how the bees buzzed .
Because Nampa is the much bigger next city over .
I am injured after the show .
I feel like I 'm sick from Radiohead .
Because they are taking pictures on Thursday .
I would likely finish the book regardless because it was a gift
They were broken to hurt others .
She misses a deceased loved one
Aloofness
Captivation
It met my expectations .
Because complaining about the problems relieves some pent up emotions .
I might play tennis often enough to be good enough to lose against another player .
None of the above choices .
The food there is rich and tasty and it is difficult to curb one 's eating habits so I ended up overeating a lot and gaining weight
Because the person is dead .
He stopped playing instead of joining a different team .
None of the above choices .
People were frustrating me .
She noticed something flying by her .
I seem to ignore overeating and seem to blame the negative impact of dairy product .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer knew they would be married .
Because I am astonished .
Fred and Angelina became husband and wife .
They may dance until morning
Wetsuit
Some music that had screeching violins .
None of the above choices .
Because they are n't scheduled to work .
None of the kids in school would be aware what happened
The kids would not know that John F Kennedy was murdered
Because labour pains are intense .
I will extract weight off of her surgically .
I will extract weight off of her surgically .
She will realize that she 's no good at it and likely give up
I prefer to write about characters who are facing difficulties and hardships
Because the rice was cooked ahead of time .
I was being dishonest throughout it .
Because young children enjoy chewing on things .
The files are compressed and low quality .
My other PC was running slow .
They would experience drinks which are cold while still being full flavored and intense
The feeling of nostalgia , the movie brings back memories
It is a favorite musical film , it is an iconic film that is important to this person .
None of the above choices .
Because they went to Hayrides and History .
He would be standing up straight
She did n't belong in people 's houses .
Because they were exactly 30 minutes .
I might be planning to keep the bottle in my bathroom .
Because I was n't going to get daily massages after all .
Because they are really neat .
Because summer is looming around the corner .
They will see that she has a lot of great items and will want to buy some for themselves
I might feel that my dog are I are different species .
Because kids do things as hobbies .
Because Amanda wo n't be able to talk until Monday .
Marz
They have cancer and are undergoing treatment .
I invited people over for my birthday , but no one showed up to the party .
Because they needed extra attention to become more comfortable with diving .
Because their boy was back .
Because I was n't very hungry .
Because there was an certificate awarding .
I would not have purchased weed
I would not be smoking weed
I bought enough to smoke some the same day
None of the above choices .
Because they lost their virginity .
She is waiting to move into the apartment .
Because it allows me to examine my trust issue in
Because I was becoming ever so lonely .
They were acting their age in a young setting .
She wanted to see the basset hound .
Because it was locked down .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they got rained on .
Because the writer had to have another .
The boxer will get a knock out .
Because they used to frequent an internet cafe .
I baked flavored biscuits for the first time
I would have baked biscuits
I would have baked biscuits
I will grow tired of all the responsibilities and want to get a roommate
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Efrain got abducted .
Because I just received an impact on my chest
I had companions that cheered me up .
He was speaking at a mile a hour .
Because I was hit in the face .
Because they might have some serious medical condition .
I wanted my hair to be noticeable .
Because she had a disturbing dream .
They pretty much looked effortless , very elegant & quite beautiful ...
Because a tree fell on it .
I got to hang out with an new friend named Anna .
Because she thought they would be safe to eat .
They would n't see Mr. Gus
I might find some time in the weekend to get less sleep so my cold gets worse .
He probably had not slept well while at the scouts retreat
I was planning to work out
I was planning to work out
I was not on time
I was out of breath
Because the presentation took an hour .
Because they enjoy cooking .
We flew International to attend a funeral
They will have grandpas burial
None of the above choices .
Cabrera did n't make it to third .
It might be because the teachers were well trained although I did n't study .
I was inspired by my ministry as they talked me through the issue .
Because I am getting straight A 's this fall .
I enjoyed Wish You Were Here the most .
