He wants to get married to a different person .
He knows that he will be committing polygamy .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices
He was waiting on the taxi
He was waiting on the taxi
Because Little Miss was 25 minutes late for school
I was driving my car at a cool 30 mph .
It allows me to be able to brag to other people about him .
Conservative
Liberal (C) Conservative
She confirms her biases
My throat is infected .
None of the above choices .
Baby E is excited to have his photo taken no matter the time .
Baby E has a personality
You need to keep your insurance provider on their toes .
They 've never been picky about mouse pads
None of the above choices .
She wanted the Cinderella costume for Christmas .
I bought the replacements immediately
I think I worked harder in those groups and so it was easier to provide more complete compliments for those
I ca n't get off medical leave .
I am taking a sabbatical .
Because we do n't normally get excited about mundane things like hand soap .
More females would have the opportunity to become athletes .
They would be writing a story about it
Because they have to work at their own pace
Because they performed in front of millions of TV viewers .
You would have to take seroquel with the drugs to remove the unpleasant side- effects .
None of the above choices .
They are pleased with the valet service
He likes me to be there when he wakes up so I need to go be there
Just because it can be done and because it 's fun .
Because Robin felt the responsibility and duty to do it herself .
I would have rather gone to school for advanced survival skills given I know so much about that by now
They are a
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
There were no autograph sessions at the sport fiesta which was not ideal
Because a shooting game involves violence and killing people .
This person charges a fee every time they recommend a show
He would n't recognize me as his parent .
Because the shoes felt fantastic .
Drug addiction
Psychiatric issues
She knows how to get into a facility
I am a myspace addict .
She consoles me and makes me feel better about myself .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because she was helping people with health issues .
Because she was taking care of sick people .
The sun assists in warming the paint so it is easy to apply
I realized that I could use the scrap books for something
Because they were n't scheduled to work at that time .
They are an officer
Air force
I was worried and concerned about the issues I was having with sorting out my travel itinerary
I would lighten up and not be so tense about seeing someone after a while .
South Korea is a warzone and not safe to live in but I felt I had to do it to help someone .
Confusing shit makes me happy .
Because the writer bought them and never used them .
None of the above choices .
He had free access to the net .
It was my new house .
Some place with Bumble Bee in the name .
I walked backstage and spoke to some of the models about the show
I could ride in a helicopter for the first time if I went to Tanjung Aru .
None of the above choices .
They had great looks .
I will have to start walking places more .
A strange rich guy wants to see me .
She , her husband , and the man must have lived in different houses for 30 years
Because he is interested in her .
Because of our little planet
Because the writer lives in Haifa .
He has to have a well - balanced diet in order to be healthy .
Because there is Vaults of Atlantis .
We want put green , recycled flooring in that might peel up .
Because it was winter and very cold .
None of the above choices .
I must have attended a summer quarter .
Because someone with authority likes their act
I am a recovering alcoholic and sometimes I " cheat " with an illicit drug .
The studies are more likely to render good and diverse results
Because the woman was wise and lovable .
They did n't want to hand me the money .
Because they are experiencing the effects of reducing smoking .
People do n't want to go to groceries stores anymore and prefer stations for their shopping
None of the above choices .
Because she is about to give birth .
Because they captivated by a guy .
He likes me .
Jackets and Pants are the only things allowed .
Because the writer believes people are interested .
None of these choices .
Because the hotel is not owned by the owners .
Since I made the recipe up , I didn't know how to make waffles correctly .
None of the above choices .
She was watching someone overworking themselves .
Still pleased and touched to have such hurtful friends .
Because they were sweating in the desert heat .
He was trying to hard to look good and it showed poorly
The character he was playing was much better looking than he
I felt that Sid Lucero was a surprisingly good actor and was really impressed
Sid Lucero was a good actor at some point but became worse as time went on
I messed up my diet .
I both travel and cook at different altitudes .
Because fish is supposed to be soft .
Because they went online .
Because I am responsible .
I wanted to commemorate an event .
Because they wanted to wear costumes for the cosplay ball .
Because the seats were located in the centre .
Because she had a white blood cell count .
Because she loves chocolate .
Because they are stupid and aren't thinking about the potential consequences .
It 's filled with traffic .
It has no traffic .
Love is a tumult
I am an avid golfer
My mom took care of my responsibilities so I didn't have to get a job .
None of the above choices .
She is n't feeling well .
Because they are interested in her .
Because they are happy to provide good service to their customers .
It was Mother 's Day and they wanted to treat her .
Mom wanted to eat Fish and they took her out .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam
Because they ca n't obtain the breed they want .
We can afford a wedding
I might be tasked to learn from the program explanation class from now on .
Because they may have arrived at a selling price that 's too low .
Because she is transitioning
So certain people can find the keys outside .
The person wanted to have companionship .
The puppy owner sets up chores for his daughter to take care of the puppy .
None of the above choices .
I started college and have a lot of homework , so I am busy and tired .
I would have convinced my parents to get wifi
They may enjoy a quieter movie experience
None of the above choices .
Because they thought it would be a fun thing to do .
Because she is interested in him .
I was staying in a Japanese school dormitory .
They are fan of Spirited Away
They are a fan of Spirited Away
They would have caught that bus
They would n't have caught that bus
They love old ladies and are n't afraid to show it .
They love old ladies and are n't afraid to show it .
She may have been busy with school work .
Because they were hungry .
Because they are part of a tight community .
They are a performance
None of the above choices .
They enjoy spending money on Sundays .
It was hosted to stimulate brain - stretching conversation .
Because that type of pain is normal for the first few months
Because we have very little room for games consoles .
Heather had a tonsillectomy .
Heather had a tonsillectomy .
Because it was getting loud .
I knew I would be going alone and was worried it would be awkward for me
We needed to complete some paperwork .
It was a rare album that I thought I would never find .
Coming home , she felt like visiting the doctor .
She was lucky to come home last night .
Because Vince Vaughn walked in .
I might be a dentist .
It had the best food in Kalispell .
Sarah and John might have been being followed by a friend , and they had no defensive weapons .
Heck might continue to believe the dirty tricks theory , and the belief might get stronger .
Laura is outgoing and explored more than I did .
They are not
None of the above choices .
Because I was driving up 14th St.
Because the writer went to pick out a movie .
Because dedication and work ethic are admirable qualities .
They enjoy speaking Pashto
Because no character represented Sony 's hardware
Because half the bag of pretzels is around 20 - 30 calories more .
Because it was n't awkward .
A speaking engagement
Happy
Alert
The speaker is pleased with the woman .
Because they were in the apartment .
We really enjoy the sensation and the tears and numbing effect and even though we have those effects we really love the meal
I now had a nice backup to my stored data and a way to get it back in the future
He would drive by and honk or text
My life is hard .
Because screen glare reduces the quality of the images , under some conditions .
It might be because she does have time to kill doing other things .
We would interact with people of the arts .
None of the above choices .
They spend many hours at the gym
Tim likes Hector and wants to find out more about him and his culture .
Tim likes Hector and wants to find out more about him and his culture .
Because the water heater might have been good enough .
The narrator might believe the remodeling can raise the value of your home but the landscaping can lower it .
None of the above choices .
She wanted to show me how much she loves her country .
They would have got cooking recipes
They would not have gone to the fellowship lunch
Brian was in the hospital
Doctors are extremely intelligent
He told a story that was unsettling .
Because the Grand Canyon is large .
Because they did n't toast it properly .
None of the above choices .
It means that B and I are the dream team .
For chronic pain and depression
Because I do n't pay for cable tv
None of the above choices .
A request to feed her children
I was growing attached to someone .
It had no home .
They do not have children
They do not have children
I will continue to work until all the clinical work becomes second nature to me
Because they enjoyed hunting .
She smelled a firearm .
Because the writer 's nails are aching .
Because they 're sitting knee to knee .
She would have asked me to let her know some of my other thoughts
She would listen to what I had to say and try to change the way she behaves
I must be feeling great about it since it has more hours and pay for things I used to anyway .
He thinks that he is better than he actually is
She wasn't happy with the Jolly Train Station toy .
I thought it was riveting and it kept me awake throughout
Because the endless opportunities
I would think it 's cozy and relaxing .
He can recognize a good student .
He can recognize a bad student .
He will fall in love with her easily .
They love Mitch . It's a term of endearment .
They love Mitch . It 's a term of endearment
Richelle will love him for a short time .
I think that they were forward and unfair to ask to use the shower but I could not really politely say no
None of the above choices .
I wanted to get some merch from my gym .
Because people around the world are looking forward to it
I 'm so good at English that I wo n't need math at all .
I love watching storms but I have n't seen any since I moved .
The fact I am fascinated by rule of law
An author of a book about the rule of law
A business person who ruled in audiovisual industry
How complicated rule of law is .
They might fall in love with you
Because I 'm happy for you .
Because I coasted for half a mile .
My mom 's netbook broke .
I would be unable to complete my project on time
I was used to having people around and because I was feeling bad , being alone felt additionally bad
Because he opposes it .
She is in
The person was the child of the speaker and watched the talk .
None of the above choices .
I would seek out someone who does want to be with me
I 'm excited that she 's moving out so soon
I may find a new roommate
It would n't be a cake walk .
He wanted us to maintain the proper posture for the exercise that we were taking on and doing
None of the above choices .
They would not rewrite the names for a guessing game
The narrator wrote a blog post
They would n't have missed their connection
They would have slept well
He was trying to become her friend again .
That it is caused by the brain .
That they are not weak of lazy , but ill .
They will know that depression can be cured .
That depression can be cured .
I spent too much money on food and large purchases .
Because Will is .
She will see that I sent her a teacher appreciation email and expressed my gratitude for her
Because all of their equipment failed at the same time
Because it s common to see cockatoos flying in the wild because they 're kept as pets .
He killed himself .
None of the above choices .
It 's campus day on Sundays .
Mike and I would keep listening to music while moving my things into the old house .
Because someone had shrieks of joy .
Because it was on Marketplace .
I am excited about abnd camp and moving and whenever excited the days leading up to an exciting event take forever to go by
Because she was out in a small boat .
They are celebrating a 20 year anniversary .
They are celebrating his birthday .
They decided to move to another school district .
They decided to move to another school district .
He moved his furniture to another room .
He moved his furniture to another room .
It would give her the place for her son to sleep .
It would give her a place for her son to sleep .
They would be more relaxed and more comfortable in any environment they are in
I might have gone to a makeup show and did n't enjoy the experience .
Because I gained satisfaction from the last 2 concerts .
Susanne thinking about living
I am thinking about living in Copenhagen .
Because people might be able
The book touches on evil .
Because the writer was there every hour .
This person is preparing for a festival .
This person is mimicking the Japanese culture as a way to study it , they are not from there
He 's trying to give the buyers incentive so that a sale can be made
None of the above choices .
My car could n't cool me down .
None of the above choices .
The place was odd and I was always home alone .
None of the above choices .
People often get part time jobs around Christmas
Because it 's extremely easy
The temperature was in the pleasant 90s .
She had a devastating illness
Writing is just the only way to do it now .
I am a hair stylist that knows when something needs to be done .
We are visiting lots of hard to please people .
To find old friends on social media and reconnect .
They got a new phone and it is n't working the same .
We would play around there .
More times a person remarries , the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
More times a person remarries , the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
He will have to continue until he has finished school
We simply walked into the country club and were welcomed in
My constant fussing over the cats causes me to get hot from constantly worrying about them
He was just a horn dog in a raggedy t- shirt .
This probably happened in Spring
Because they were trying to kill the intruder .
I continued believing in God .
I continued believing in God .
I want to get back to my house faster after I finish my job for the day .
It focused on limbs changing .
Because he was very upset about something .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He misses me when he leaves .
He is trying to make me feel guilty .
He is paralyzed from spine injury .
He is recovering from back problem .
The car has more space to use the front or rear wheels to accelerate
Because Iowa has quite
He dried off and went to lay in his bed
I might have been expecting something but something else must have happened .
They think Mormon history is boring
They think Mormon history is boring
The two groups would decided to operate mutually rather than fight
I 'm young enough to go to concerts and have a roommate .
Because he is a great friend of Brian 's .
He had a unique approach to art .
Because she likes box wine .
Because she had a great morning .
Because the final road block was demolished .
Because everything is an paradise for computer users .
Because Ark of Truth was more definitive than the season ender .
She does n't go out with guys from parties .
Because something is supposed to be over .
None of the above choices .
We were exposed to a lot of media featuring them .
None of the above choices .
I saw Bryan Adams on TV and it reminded me .
Because most children are being entertained .
We made a table for our intertwined bodies to lay on .
We made a table out of wood for our intertwined bodies .
We 'd play a special game where you declare who you favor .
I was pregnant .
Holding themselves accountable .
Experimental anime becomes better over time , Warp and Kaiba have improved .
The flower girl is at a wedding , an exciting event , the child is overwhelmed and seeking mom for comfort .
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun buy misbehaving
Everyone he works with knew about another girl and him .
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
Because they were good friends with girls I know
Because they were good friends with girls I know
We might be playing some real hunt type of a game instead of a search hunt .
She was already in love with him .
She was already in love with him .
She will lose her job for good .
She will have to see him in the shower .
Because races are social events , and including others adds more social aspects to it .
It charges on a per call basis .
None of the above choices .
I 've been eating junk food .
They studied hard and made sure to pass their test .
None of the above choices .
I think they pick up distortions when the iPod is on the window sill
None of the above choices .
I was let in by a friend who was staying in there .
None of the above choices .
He did not like our company and felt that we fussed over him too much
Because they have accepted some things that happened in the past .
Because the writer and Sars enjoy each other 's company .
She would talk about her race horse .
The narrator might take a different way home
Because the actor can do a Russian accent .
Because the house is in Provo .
They are interested in marine biology
Its prices are steep .
I will have to search for the content of the email because I omitted the subjects in many of my emails and searching the subject would be unhelpful
It gives Trish some extra income .
Because Jon tried to use force .
Because they regret the fight entirely .
They are a tattoo artist .
I might have thanked Maria and promised to pay back the favor .
Because zebras eat grass .
I left it in my backpack where nothing happened to it .
I typically find myself with that emotion when I look at a theatre .
Because they broke their kiss .
Because he is second oldest to his sister .
The eldest son is going to Iraq .
I needed to take a month off .
I was experiencing discomfort .
The brightness levels were low .
None of the above choices .
A customer made a sexist remark about women
They do n't value their customers
The narrator 's partner will borrow the tools .
He has studied Mayan history
Christopher passed away a year and a half ago in a tragic car accident
They are easy to deal with and talk to .
The narrator would be impressed with their principles
Because I found my yoga pants .
Because they moved to Siberia
Because they like the Pacific Northwest
I like to sing in musicals .
Because this person may dazzle everyone with a great work of fiction .
I will have a good rest of the night but might not remember much .
They censor pornographic pictures .
Because he is growing up .
They are moving into a new home
They are moving in with Thad
Carbon River Road would have more snow
Evans off road area would have a lot of snow falling
We would hike through a lot of snow
There woul dbe higher amounts of snow to hike through
My flights took a third of a day .
None of the above choices .
Harry Potter
Because they called my dad .
He was about to go in for a kiss .
None of the above choices .
Jay and the
The narrator
The narrator
Because all of the classrooms were closed .
Because they thought it would be a nice addition to their life .
Because Russia has successfully invaded Georgia .
I had nothing to hold up my breasts .
She is looking for a potential groom .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the man was tied to the front booth .
I prefer doing courses like drf180 which focus on practical work
I saw an attractive car .
Because I like how it tastes .
He lost his jobs ( he has n't been able to keep a job in years ), his children , my mother who was with him for over 23 years , his health , and still he s too blind and selfish and stupid to stop .
He would n't have a job
I might be visiting an area what is popular among Americans as well as Asians .
I need all the money I can save for my vacation .
I want to spend all the money I can for shopping .
Thenarrator might be trying to describe a highly probable scenario .
It was hard to develop an origin story for Ten .
Because he had to dress himself under the joy of being half naked in front of people .
None of the above choices .
I would have sought a job at a different school because I do n't want to work with Valenciano
A bird helped me realize who I was .
So that parents could watch the movie and understand it differently to how children would
They felt it was too hot .
They enjoyed the nice weather and felt lively .
Because the writer does n't like Scientology .
I would make sure that I continue to produce good work
They would get started on the debate prep
Because her hair is still perfectly coiffed .
I would n't be able to get anything done that day .
The flowers would continue to prosper even if they were not cared for
Because I thought that would be a good product for me .
To eat chocolate cake
I thought that they would not mind if there was a small scrape or two
He might have sprawled because that 's the most common defense against the back mount .
None of the above choices .
Because he really likes to eat them .
Because other people were doing it as well
I carry a blanket everywhere with me .
I carry a blanket everywhere with me .
Frank was excited about going on the boat and showed it through that kiss .
None of the above choices .
Because people were discussing politics .
We would have to stay until 2 .
They were under too many sheets .
Because they were at Union Station for hotel departures
My mom and my dad both lost the good head on their shoulders .
They like to get fondled on the train .
They wanted to be fondled by someone on the otherside .
They did n't want the women to see them being fondled by someone on the train .
He was bugging the other animals .
Because they thought it would be fun .
Because today was a great day .
Because they enjoy watching the Olympics .
I used to know them when I worked in Tennessee .
He might reveal a difficult truth
I could n't recall what happened on Friday morning .
I lost my luggage .
People will buy into his philosophy and want to emulate his way of thinking
People will begin to love his roundabout way of answering questions
She was forcing me to use my medication .
The other creatures went astray and struck that place .
You will begin to realize that you can make it through any struggle and that things will get better
None of the above choices .
They airplane exploded and fell apart on the house .
They wanted to see the event happening .
His team would do fine without him because it is a team sport
Steve 's apartment is near there .
It was a vintage melody .
Because John is forgetful .
None of the above choices .
Because their friends knew they were together .
Children would be prevented from spending too much time away from home because of fear from the parents
None of the above choices .
He must feel it 's so good it makes you want to kill yourself .
Because they had ice cream cake .
They wanted to donate money to the cute kid which is what she was asking them to do
I have to come with ideas for gifts for three different occasions for my boyfriend and I do n't know what to get him
My doctor told me to quit that job .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Finding the lost camping gear in the snow was difficult .
He wants to know that I do not care about my ex and that I want to be with him not my ex
This finale might have been broadcasted from Seattle , WA .
I would enjoy some of my company with my animals .
They had too many basic seasonings and dips , but nothing fancy .
Because they are good quality .
Flacco 's team might have relied on the passing game to score and the defense to win the game .
She wants to have pretty , womanly nails and feels that when I cut them I prevent her from having her nails done well
Because they like to drink alcohol .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
To stop them from creating havok
The government asked him to stop by and create havok with them .
They want patients to start taking care of themselves and not go to a doctor .
They want patients to get more involved in their own health .
They will require more blood pressure medication .
They will require more blood pressure medication .
Phillippe Petite has many friends that are hilarious , so he is also funny
Phillippe Petite is French , the French have no sense of humor .
Because they did better than they expected to .
She went out of my life for twenty years .
They speak Chinese
I decided to take the dog home with me .
A tour guide in the town I visited .
It was simply a great great day .
To a different coffee shop .
Watt might be an Asian fusion restaurant .
Things were progressing .
Because they live in New Hampshire .
I was bored and had nothing else to do
I was bored and had nothing else to do
The loving mood was only temporary
Citibank will eventually close the account .
I was preparing for Faye 's birthday .
I might view my personality as normal enough to be described by sensical images .
None of the above choices .
Because they wanted to take photos of them .
He has grown up angry and cold and even though he loves me he struggles to show it at times
Because the food tastes very bad .
Because big cats are playing rough with a kitten .
I was abandoned by my friend who I loved .
Because JK is ready to break up
We both like the cold .
None of the above choices .
We collected mangos around the place .
We collected mangos around the place .
I might feel that the meetings at work are useful but a waste of time .
They could see the building across the street
Because there 's her waist .
I wanted to showcase the new fall colors in clothing .
I would have managed to get to bed sooner and feel better and more rested the next day
Because I am concentrating and focused
Ryan and Erin 's wedding ceremony was held in a church before the reception .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I will get my period once a month
I might have had enough money and might have been able to find the time .
We kids kept playing with the motor boat at night .
The dog down the road almost killed Max .
Because the kids enjoy playing on it .
They would have posted sooner
The mice would be active in there
Because they are black .
I want to write a story from this dream
Peanut is a term sometimes used to describe
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I would freely move and cheer .
I would freely sing along to the melodies .
None of the above choices .
Because it 's good to wear for playing Scattergories Junior
They were hungry because it was almost lunch time
Because they are thinking about a difficult subject matter .
Because what I do
They want to play the guitar
None of the above choices .
Because we enjoy taking walks .
I prefer countries and cities which are more modern and contemporary rather than older and classical
I declined because I did not want to be at the shipping center so late because it is creepy at night
None of the above choices .
Because they needed the room for something else .
Because they would perform better with a different putter .
We wanted to explore gaps in the mountains
We wanted to find a cave
Because they chilled on the riverfront .
Our neighbors did n't want the trees in their yards .
Because they did enjoy it .
They would have driven in Malaysia
They would have had hilarious experiences
I think dogs should sleep on the floor
All of my pet dogs will share the bed as best they can
It would have been a smoother trip in the weather had been different .
Because they also downloaded cucusoft .
I will buy single pane fixed windows for the sunroom .
The person will start to exercise
None of the above choices .
The narrator would have come over
Paul was important to me .
I was very close to Paul .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
Every child is unique and brings something different to my life which is irreplaceable from one child to the next
Because Lara passed on June 12 .
Russia will assert itself over the region and the US will respect that decision
I do n't have experience with relationships .
She was / am in love with me .
I might go shopping for groceries .
None of the above choices .
We were both talking to Nancy .
He read the bible .
He might be the forensic tech on the case .
I continued to eat more cereal
I ate the cereal too quickly
He is a popular footballer and people were excited to meet him
Because there were samples on the organ .
They like My Little Ponies
They do not like My Little Ponies
They like using different tools
They like using different tools
It is just standard protocol for every passenger of the plane .
They are i
I started my weight loss diet .
I started my weight loss diet .
Because we both might work jobs that involve being outdoors affecting our productivity .
He wanted to be friendly and welcoming to us and did his best to do so to leave a good impression
I keep my linens there .
They may take the phone off their plan
I thought that I should be considerate to my body and how I feel
He would end up never attending the game because he does n't like me .
Because they are planning to build or paint something .
Because they are mostly women .
I went back to my job .
He wanted to remain there so no - one could find him .
None of the above choices .
Oxford 's Carling Academy has new equipment , so the sound quality was amazing .
We might have gone into the Parking lot and picked a lot to dance and drink in .
She needed a recommendation for a new hair style .
They are learning to ride a bike
Because people are clinging onto something .
Because new teachers will learn mostly from experience .
I might stay with him and start new relationships with many people .
The party was a surprise party for my mother
Having clear , specific goals
The job has a flexible schedule
He was telling me that his favorite motorcycle company is better than Harley Davidson .
He was telling me that his favorite motorcycle company is better than my favorite motorcycle company .
None of the above choices .
Because I thought I would enjoy it .
Because that was my idea for being organized .
Because they got organized a bit .
I am in love with this boy .
Because we are going to be apart for a while .
None of the above choices .
My sister really does n't like men like Oi Yin .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
Richard will meet her for the first time .
I went to the grocery store because I needed some other ingredients the farmer 's market did not have
The woman suffers from bipolar disorder .
She has a terrible temper problem .
They are making material progress .
Because my sister and I are young adults .
Because the cat purrs with gusto
Interactions between others would analyse their experiences deeply .
Because they were proud of themselves for understanding the poems .
She will choose to obey Lucius because he is in control
None of the above choices .
She loves to keep me in the loop by leading me on
Because the dog doesn't chew stuff up .
A very special package
I will repackage the box
It uses a Moog synthesizer .
None of the above choices .
They do not believe in chiropractors
They do not believe in chiropractors
It makes me feel refreshed in the morning .
They would run around the path
They would not feed the ducks cheese nips
It has a deep history .
I must have reworked the thesis at least thrice before
None of the above choices .
He cultivated a cockney slur
This rental does n't have many trees around it .
It does n't have all the space you 'll need .
Because I have
I can move on to more advanced mathematics .
Someone might describe Jeff to be a close minded but willing to engage others .
Because the writer is wearing armor .
Because the days went by very fast and they barely remember them .
I am sick and want my boyfriend to cuddle .
My boyfriend does n't appreciate everything I do for him .
Self - centered and vulnerable
I gave those girls my business
Because they have some boys that are below the teenage years .
She wants to shower because she wants to be alone
I knew I was going to have a late breakfast .
Because they have n't achieved as much as they could have .
Because his family has started a homestead .
Going out for dinner as a group would be a lot of fun
We are looking for food to eat and the algae is looking tasty !
She will ask to go to a park or to the movies
None of the above choices .
It might be concluded that I 'm white as white girls typically point out others being white .
I did some serious soul searching .
Because gender is so important .
They wanted to promote variety in employees .
Because it is too hot
I might be trying to accomplish being online more than an hour a day .
None of the above choices .
Because there was n't much traffic being driven to the site .
I got tired of my original goal to be a teacher .
My hours were increasing .
When we go hunting together and are trying to hunt for some animals where we need to be quiet and careful
Because they need to relieve some stress .
I did n't get a toy I wanted .
They would continue to make me feel bad for not calling even though I apologized
I am too lazy and depressed not to .
I was asked to do a competition with a friend .
Because I have been increasing knowledge about the poses but not the abilities .
I would enjoy the day off and feel fresh to carrying on studying tomorrow
The doubtful economy causes this result in humanity .
A car .
People will not be able to browse public Picasa photos
Because they do n't have a lot of money
They knew exactly where their keys were
They knew exactly where their keys were
He wanted it to be a surprise for her to hear at a later stage
I find that I really like Print100 and brag about them constantly
truly changing the course of business in the entertainment industry .
Because society deems it sensible .
None of the above choices .
I will be exhausted from writing blog posts .
Because we 're trying out different products
The doctor had high blood pressure .
A trip
She likes it
None of the above choices .
Because Krakow has more group tours .
Bats stick in closets because the become entangled in clothes .
Medieval Europe was really interesting .
Because I hate them and want them to be afraid of me .
I was so frustrated and guilty over dumping a cup of cold water on my babies ' head .
I found a sweet deal with another provider .
Because there is some severe weather in Chicago .
It 's an adaptation of multiple books .
I did n't like her so that 's why my father did it .
I had a lot of money to spend .
I found some attire that I would enjoy .
None of the above choices .
Because the system is broken and does n't function well .
I decided to start running more .
Because he likes her a lot .
They avoided having a traffic accident .
They were only 16 and just learning .
They wanted to drive and not pay attention at the same time .
The narrator went to the doctor
It was the first idea I had when my friend wanted to make plans for an event .
She is my best friend
None of the above choices .
I wanted to see the sun rise
None of the above choices .
Because this YouTube video is pretty good quality .
I might be influenced by things like interesting settings and stories about the movie .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Loud booming sounds in the sky .
We sailed steadily into the english channel , I had enough experience to keep us on course
None of the above choices
My mother was n't present in my life .
Because the court rules may reflect the legislature 's and thus the people 's views .
I might be expecting but not hoping it to be a financial success .
Timmy got the news about him going to camp .
Because the writer is not one to debate their opinions .
I get excited by bargain hunting .
I get agitated by bargain hunting .
This kid 's section might be located in a playground .
I had to wait for the convocation photos place to open .
They would no longer be aired every day on the nightly TV schedule .
One of them is an animal .
Her tire would be flat .
Her tire would be flat .
She would tire is ok to drive .
She would think tires were all good to drive .
I might be an avid fan of comics and romances .
Many brides tend to stress
Because the characters are neat .
I decided that I was good enough at Spanish and did not need to practice anymore
Because Lestat is generous .
Because he went on the big kid rides .
Watching the movie made them sick and they could never watch it again .
Pulling weeds can be an intense workout if there are a lot .
They have to organize a meet up with their teen fans .
They got the kids ready for school .
Because I've been very busy lately and need to unwind .
Because I marveled over the architecture .
Mom 's car died on the road .
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
They got ahold of their relatives to help but they said no
None of the above choices .
We found out alleged lake was just an open river .
We like outdoor adventures .
We like to spend time in nature .
They has to move where there is no internet .
Two dogs ran into them and made them cry .
None of the above choices .
They have no internet and their Iphone was acting up .
Flat tires must happen often enough such that going 3 weeks without one is notable .
None of the above choices .
This nar
He no longer talks to me and I feel lonely without him
South Congress would n't have seemed cool to them
Because they really wanted to go to Costa Mesa .
Because it 's the world of child welfare .
I finally had a Valentine .
I like being able to get up if I need to without disrupting the event and still being close enough to see the speaker at the front
None of the above choices .
I might end up getting a statutory warning .
I had been eating much healthier than I used to , my systems are still quite out of balance .
He wanted to go out with me as soon as possible because he likes me .
Because there was something mechanically wrong with it .
Because the 19 month old child was trapped in a room .
The dangerous smile might hide a real beneficence that means to do me justice .
I am traveling at the moment for an event and do n't have access to a computer where I am
Because more people purchased
She was the pilot in a plane crash .
Because he likes her .
My intro to international relations class was cancelled
I stayed late at work
Because it looks nice .
They serve beer .
Because it only does harm to herself and doesn't do any good .
Because they really enjoyed it there .
None of the above choices .
My father was upset because my mom only cared about me .
Because the women had big elephant feet .
I must be referring to a paper page but not a web page .
Because the route is 10 minutes by bike .
Because we like to read .
They made a huge error and wanted to fix it .
I would have joined the cause because I myself was bored at the time
Because there was a bloodcurdling scream .
Because they enjoy each other 's company .
I am trying to loose weight by counting calories .
I am trying to eat healthier .
My family was immigrating there .
They haven't sustained an injury
He does not care that the smell is offensive to other people
Because they like each other .
I cleaned a couple
Because I know a lot about computers
I 've always wanted to do it ever since I was 13 years old .
Because they have n't had much experience on them .
I am excited about bringing my camera .
I am excited about bringing my camera .
Because the song is called Believe .
I would likely finish the book regardless because it was a gift
They were handled incorrectly at the party .
She strained her head
Captivation
Captivation
It met my expectations .
Because complaining about the problems relieves some pent up problems .
I might play tennis often enough to be good enough to win against another player .
I might have gotten drunk and passed out next to it .
The food there is rich and tasty and it is difficult to curb one 's eating habits so I ended up overeating a lot and gaining weight
Because the person believes in God .
Brett Farve played badly against the Cardinals .
I needed to read a manual .
I was frustrating some people .
She noticed something flying by her .
I seem to ignore overeating yet seem to blame the non - impact of dairy product .
I just did n't care about the fuss around Michael Phelps .
None of the above choices .
Because the hotel served finger sandwiches .
Mile and Alicia were married
Fred and Angelina will begin their new life together
I was going to do some watersports .
A fan fic with a slightly creepy tone
I am happy that it 's in one isolated place
None of the above choices .
None of the kids in school would be aware what happened
The kids all went to the gym for an assembly
Because labour pains are intense .
I will feed her less food at meal times .
I will encourage her to eat more salads .
She will deplete all my stock of knitting materials because she does not buy her own
I enjoy writing stories with characters who are simplistic
Because the dish has a lot
I knew that I could change the result .
Because young children enjoy chewing on things .
None of the above choices .
My other PC permanently crashed .
They would find that their drinks are cold but too strong
They have a very bad memory and think it is new each time .
It is a favorite musical film , it is an iconic film that is important to this person .
I had to reschedule the meeting because my time slot was taken up by someone else because I 'd forgotten my paper
Because two girls from their TE class were their tour guides .
He would be foaming at the mouth
Because he believes she deserves to die .
Because they were exactly 30 minutes .
I might be planning to keep the bottle in my bathroom wherever I go .
Because I had dreams of great food .
Because they are really neat .
Because many women are uncomfortable with the shape of their bodies .
They will see that she has a lot of great items and will want to buy some for themselves
I might feel that my dog are I are worlds apart .
Because kids do things as hobbies .
Because the writer texted Amanda on Saturday .
Marz
They have cancer and are undergoing treatment
I invited people over for my birthday party .
Because they had a great spot to dive from .
Because their boy was back .
Because there were plenty of people .
Because he is irresponsible
I would not have purchased weed
I would not be smoking weed
None of the above choices .
I had no weed to smoke
Because they gave a lot of blood .
She is waiting to move into the apartment
Because it allows me to examine how to ask her in concrete way .
Because he is assertive .
They were acting their age in a young setting .
She wanted to see the bass hound .
Because he needed to print something .
None of the above choices .
Go to see a doctor as soon as possible .
I used to be prepared
He tried on sunglasses with my friend Rik .
None of the above choices .
Because Jack likes coke and the writer wanted to do something nice for him .
Boxing will gain even more popularity .
Because they enjoy chatting with people online .
I baked flavored biscuits for the first time
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I will learn to deal with the requirements and manage my own requirements all on my own which will be great for me as an adult
This person choose to leave their job by choosing life .
This person used their credit card to fund a better life .
None of the above choices .
Because I just received an impact on my chest .
I took some of my Cymbalta .
He could n't relax .
None of the above choices .
Because they might have some serious medical condition .
I wanted my hair to be noticeable .
Because she had a disturbing dream .
They were a tall lean couple .
Because a tree fell on it .
I got to hang out with a good friend .
None of the above choices .
They would n't see Mr. Gus
I might find some time in the weekday
AIDS causes immune deficiency making someone feel tired and fatigued regularly
I was having a workout session
I was running on a treadmill
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they were at the Marriott .
Because they were visiting Diet Blog
We made plans to attend grandfathers funeral
They will have grandpas burial
It was a reminder for him as
None of the above choices .
It might be because the teachers were well trained but I was prepared .
I was inspired by my ministry as they talked me through the issue .
Because I am getting straight A 's this fall .
I enjoyed Wish You Were Here the most .
