He wants to get married to a different person .
He wants the girl he is going to marry get in trouble .
None of the above choices .
Medical personnel would come to help the old man
He likely fell on the sidewalk and hit his head while intoxicated
He was waiting on the taxi
None of the following statements are true
I was meditating and felt serenity .
It allows me to be able to brag to other people about him .
None of the above choices .
Liberal
She makes informed decisions
My throat is infected .
The pilot was running a test landing and wanted to see how we did exiting via the floats
Baby E is excited to have his photo taken no matter the time .
Baby E has
You need to keep your insurance provider on their toes .
They 've never been picky about mouse pads
Because he does need any special equipment to move around
She wanted the Cinderella costume for Christmas .
None of the above choices
I think I worked harder in those groups and so it was easier to provide more complete compliments for those
I lost my vacation days .
I lost my vacation days .
Because we do n't normally get excited about mundane things like hand soap .
Young women would have to take the world stage to fight against the legislation .
She would not have been successful
Because they have to work at
Because they performed in front of billions of TV viewers .
You would have to take seroquel with the drugs to remove the unpleasant side - effects .
Because automated long distance telephony services came along .
They are pleased with the valet service
He likes me to be there when he wakes up so I need to go be there
Just because it can be done and because it 's fun .
Because Robin felt the responsibility and duty to do it herself .
I would have rather gone to school for advanced survival skills
They work at Antara resort
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
There were no autograph sessions at the sport fiesta which was not ideal
Because a shooting game involves violence and killing people .
This person charges a fee every time they recommend a show .
He would recognize me as his parent .
Because the shoes felt fantastic .
Drug addiction
Psychiatric issues
She knows how go through motions
I am a myspace addict
She stalks me and honestly it is kind of weird .
None of the above choices .
She would leave the baby alone at home .
She would leave the baby alone at home .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money
The sun keeps the paint from spilling off the car
I realized that I could use the scrap books for something that was home decor related and designed my own window in my home
Because it 's their first entry in their online super duper secret private public journal .
They are an officer
Air force
I was worried and concerned about the issues I was having with sorting out my travel itinerary
It would help me talk to him about life and what happened .
I do n't even know how to teach so why would I move there and begin to teach .
Confusing shit makes me happy .
Because they are daring the writer to find a use for them .
None of the above choices .
He had free access to the net .
It was my new house .
None of the above choices .
I hit on a few of the models and designers because they were attractive
I wanted to get images with a birds-eye view .
None of the above choices .
They had great looks .
I will have to start walking places more .
I am losing too much weight .
She , her husband , and the man must have lived in different houses for 30 years .
Because he is interested in her .
Because of our little planet
None of the following statements are true
He is an ENT which stands for Eat No Tomatoes
Because there is high stakes poker .
We want a floor that
Because it was winter and very cold .
Nathan took my friend Nathan as entertainment .
I must have attended a fall semester .
Because someone with authority likes their act .
I am a recovering alcoholic and sometimes I " cheat " with an illicit drug .
The women will be competitive making the study more interesting
Because the woman was wise and loveable .
They did n't want to hand me the money .
Because they are experiencing the effects of reducing smoking .
People do n't want to go to groceries stores anymore and prefer stations for their shopping
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they are captivated by a guy .
I was injured .
Jackets and Pants are the only things allowed .
None of the above choices .
Tokyo
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
She was watching someone overworking themselves .
I would have felt weird that I never left home at all .
Because they were sweating in the desert heat .
The character he was playing was much better looking than he
He was playing a character that was not based solely upon being attractive
Sid Lucero was a good actor at some point but became worse as time went on
Sid Lucero 's acting and good looks had a positive impact on me
I misled my diet .
I might both travel and cook at different altitudes .
Because fish is supposed to be soft .
Because they went online .
Because I am responsible .
I wanted to commemorate an event .
Because they wanted to wear costumes for the cosplay ball .
Because the seats were located in the centre .
Because she had a white blood cell count .
Because she loves chocolate .
None of the above choices .
It 's filled with traffic .
It 's safe to drive on it as there has been no accidents .
A game of golf
I am an avid golfer
I was mentally prepared .
The river could have flowed faster than we could row upstream .
None of the above choices .
Because they are interested in her .
Because they are happy to provide good service to their customers .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
Fish Market in Byward
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam .
Because they ca n't obtain the breed they want .
We will have to borrow from friends and family to pay for a wedding
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because she is transitioning
So that certain people can find the keys outside
The person wanted to have companionship .
The puppy owner sets up chores for his daughter to take care of the puppy .
The puppy owner sets up chores for his daughter to take care of the puppy .
I started college and have a lot of homework , so I am busy and tired .
I would have convinced my parents to get wifi
They may enjoy a quieter movie experience
Because he 's sporty .
Because they thought it would be a fun thing to do
Because she is interested in him .
I was staying in a Japanese school dormitory .
They are not a fan of Spirited Away
They are an fan of manga
They would n't have caught that bus
They would n't have caught that bus
They love old ladies and are n't afraid to show it .
They love old ladies and are n't afraid to show it .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they are part of a tight community .
They are a performer
None of the above choices .
They enjoy spending money on Sundays .
It was hosted to stimulate brain - stretching conversation .
Because that type of pain is normal for the first few months
Because we have very little room for games consoles
Heather had a tonsillectomy
Heather had a tonsillectomy .
Because someone does n't want to ever see the other person again .
I was worried that I would have to socialize
We needed to complete some paperwork .
The Monkees no longer make music so it was interesting .
Coming home , she felt like visiting the doctor .
She was lucky to come home last night .
Because Vince Vaughn walked in .
I might be a rock star .
It had the best food in Kalispell .
Sarah and John might have been being chased by a villain , but they had defensive weapons
Heck might continue to believe the dirty tricks theory , and the belief might get stronger .
Laura is outgoing and explored more than I did .
They are over the age of two
None of the above choices .
Because I was near Kensington Road .
None of the above choices .
Because dedication and work ethic are admirable qualities .
They enjoy speaking Pashto
Because no character represented Sony 's hardware
Because I 'm trying to lose weight .
None of the above choices .
A promotional tour
Nervous
Nervous
The speaker is pleased with the woman .
Because they are addicted to smoking ?
We really enjoy the sensation and the tears and numbing effect and even though we have those effects we really love the meal
My phone could break .
He would smile and joke with them
My life is hard .
Because OPAL uses ambient light rejection .
It might be because she does have better things to do .
We would interact with people of the arts .
It must have meant a great deal as they have spent 4 week planning it .
They spend many hours at the gym
Tim is eager to expand cultural horizons and likes to meet people from South America .
Tim likes Hector and wants to find out more about him and his culture .
None of the above choices .
The narrator might believe the remodeling can raise the value of your home but the landscaping can lower it .
I might not have had a time slot open for him to get a massage for his birthday .
She wanted to show me how much she loves her country .
They would have gotten cooking recipes
They would have gotten cooking recipes
Brian was injured at school
Doctors are extremely intelligent
He was unsettling .
Because they were out of shape .
I might try and get different things at Subway .
None of the above choices .
It signifies how alive I feel thankfully .
For memory loss
Because I do n't pay for cable tv
Because the principal and secretary are in the loop when it comes to handling G.
None of the above choices .
I was growing attached to someone .
It had no home .
They do not have children
They do not have children
I will continue to work until all the clinical work becomes second nature to me
Because they enjoyed hunting .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices
None of the above choices .
She would have told me that I should continue to send her letters in the future
She would listen to what I had to say and try to change the way she behaves
I must be feeling great about it since it has more hours and pay for things I used to anyway .
He tends to inflate his own scores and is not as good as his ranking suggests
Her limbs were forced into a tight space .
I thought they played well and I was happy because it was my birthday
Because the endless opportunities
None of the above choices .
He can recognize an good student .
He can recognize a bad student .
He will fall in love with her easily .
He falls in love easily and for short periods of time .
They love Mitch . It 's a term of endearment .
Richelle will love him for a short time .
I am happy to clean the shower myself because he is a good friend
My work place might have a rule against coming into work under an illustration .
I wanted to get some merch from my gym .
Because people around the world are looking forward to it
I 'm so good at English that I wo n't need math at all
I was happy to play outside in the rain and cool air .
The book I wrote about the law
A most influential person in audiovisual industry .
A business person who ruled in audiovisual industry
How complicated rule of law is .
They might fall in love with you
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
My mom 's netbook broke .
I would simply finish the project with regular paint
I did not enjoy being alone because I wanted to cook and entertain and had no one to join me
None of the above choices .
She is in
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I would forget about them and carry on with my life
I 'm excited that she 's moving out so soon
I may move back home
I would get paid .
He wanted us to maintain the proper posture for the exercise that we were taking on and doing
I took action , but I didn't do it right .
The time might pass faster
The narrator
They would have slept well
They would have slept well
He was trying to become her friend again .
That it is caused by the brain .
That being depressed is normal .
They will know that depression can be cured .
That there should be no stigma attached to it .
I spent too much money on food and large purchases .
None
She will be bombarde
Because all of their equipment failed at the same time
Because it 's common to see cockatoos flying freely because they 're kept as pets .
He killed himself .
None of the above choices .
It 's campus day on Sundays .
Mike and I would keep listening to music while moving my things into the old house .
Because someone had shrieks of joy .
Because it was in New York City .
I am excited about abnd camp and moving and whenever excited the days leading up to an exciting event take forever to go by
Because she was out in a small boat .
They are celebrating a 20 year anniversary .
They are celebrating his birthday .
They decided to move to another school district .
They decided to move to another school district .
He moved out for college .
He moved his furniture to another room .
It would give her a place for her son to sleep .
It would give her a place for her son to sleep .
They would be more relaxed and more comfortable in any environment they are in
I might have gone to a standup comedy show and did n't enjoy the experience .
Because I ca nt feel the satisfaction .
Susanne thinking about living in Copenhagen
I am thinking about living in Copenhagen .
Because people might be able
The book touches on justice .
Because they will want for love or nurture .
This person is preparing for a festival , in Japan , by creating authentic costumes
This person is preparing for a festival , in Japan , by creating authentic costumes .
He 's trying to give the buyers incentive so that a sale can be made .
None of the above choices .
My workplace was hot .
The place was odd and I was always home alone .
The place was odd and I was always home alone .
Because that was our best mode of transportation .
People often get part time jobs around Christmas
Because it 's extremely easy
None of the above choices .
She lost her legs .
Typing is way faster than writing .
I am a hair stylist that knows when something needs to be done .
We are visiting lots of hard to please people .
To run several hundred miles in Detroit metro area .
None of the above choices .
We would do nothing at the pier while we wait for the bus back to Cairns .
The more times a person remarries the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
The more times a person remarries , the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
He will be going off to college for the year having finished high school
We had to become members of the country club to be allowed to dine there and use their facilities
I am prone to warm flashes because I am in bad health and my heartrate accelerates constantly throughout the day
He was just a horn dog in a raggedy t - shirt
This probably happened in Spring
Because people were getting on the ground .
I continued believing in God .
I lost my faith in God .
I do n't know any reliable ways to get on West Valley Highway .
It focused on limbs changing .
Because he was very upset about something .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He misses me when he leaves .
He is trying to make me feel guilty .
He was fired due to depression .
He is recovering from back problem .
The car is able to build up momentum to scale a hill or mud or some surface which is slowing the car down
Because Iowa has quite a few creative types .
He turned soothed his back with some aloe vera lotion because of the hot water having burned his back
I might have been expecting something but something else must have happened .
They think Mormon history is boring
They think Mormon history is boring
The mujahedin would win the war because of their superior stores and reserves
I 'm young enough to go to concerts and have a roommate .
Because he is a great friend of Brian 's .
He had a unique approach to art .
Because she likes box wine .
None of the above choices .
Because the final road block was demolished
Because everything is a paradise for computer users .
Because Continuum was well acted and well done .
She does n't go out with guys from parties .
Because Luke likes Luke very much .
None of the above choices .
We were exposed to a lot of media featuring them .
None of the above choices .
I saw Bryan Adams on TV and it reminded me .
Because most children are being entertained .
We made a table for our intertwined bodies to lay on .
We made a table out of wood for our intertwined bodies .
We 'd play a special game where you declare who you favor .
I got acid reflux from eating spicy food .
Holding themselves accountable .
Experimental anime becomes better over time , Warp and Kaiba have improved .
The flower girl is at a wedding , an exciting event , the child is overwhelmed and seeking mom for comfort .
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun
Everyone he works with knew about another girl and him .
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
I hung out with some attractive , nice guys
Because they were good friends with girls I know
Because other guys size you and judge you
We might be playing some real hunt type of a game instead of a search hunt .
She knew that she liked him too .
She knew that she liked him too .
She will lose her job for good .
She will be able to work even harder for him .
Because races are social events , and including others adds more social aspects to it .
Sound Bite Communications uses an automated voice for their customers when they call them .
This book might tell of cheerful stories about Marie Therese
I 've been eating junk food .
Selling drugs in order to pay for school .
None of the above choices .
I think they pick up distortions when the iPod is on
None of the above choices .
None
He is being sued for harassing Heather .
Bird tend to want to be in nature and not locked up with people , he likely had to go off to find his family or to try and get back in the air
Because their vacation was so much fun .
None of the above choices .
She would talk about her race horse .
The narrator might take a different way home
Because the actor can do a Russian accent .
Because the house is in Provo .
They are interested in marine biology
Its prices are steep .
I will go back and try to sort the emails into different folders with their specific subjects for future archival purposes
It helps me get on the road again .
Because Jon tried to use force .
Because they regret the fight entirely .
They are a tattoo artist .
I might have thanked Maria and promised to pay back the favor .
Because zebras eat grass
I left it in my backpack where nothing happened to it .
I typically find myself with that emotion .
Because their faces were an inch apart .
Because he remembers his father .
The eldest son is going to Iraq .
I was n't getting enough rest .
I was experiencing discomfort .
The brightness levels were too high for a passport .
None of the above choices .
A customer made a racist remark about Asians
They do n't value their customers
The narrator will take the tools to be sharpened .
He has studied Mayan history
None of the above choices .
They are easy to deal with and talk to .
The narrator would learn a lot
Because my yoga pants might not be appropriate at work .
Because they left their home
Because they like the Pacific Northwest
I like to participate in community theater .
Because this person may dazzle everyone with a great work of fiction .
I will have a good rest of the night but might not remember much .
They 're pornographic pictures .
Because he is growing up
They are moving into a new home
They are moving in with Thad
We would hike through a lot of snow
Evans off road area would have a lot of snow falling
Carbon River Road would have more snow
Carbon River Road would have more snow
None of the above choices .
Because she had a difficult task ahead of her .
None of the above choices
Because I might be dehydrated .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Jay and narrator took a train to NYC
None of the above choices .
The narrator
None of the above choices .
Because they thought it would be a nice addition to their life .
Because Russia has successfully invaded Georgia .
I had nothing to hold up my breasts .
We sat in the corner together .
None of the above choices .
in a concert hall
None of the above choices
I prefer doing courses which are theoretical
None of the above choices .
Because it 's free beer .
He would be in poor health
He would be in poor health
I might be visiting an area what is popular among Americans as well as Asians .
I need all the money I can save for my vacation .
I want to save all the money I can for my vacation .
The narrator might be trying to describe an everyday scenario .
It was hard to develop the character named Hartnell .
Because he had to dress himself under the joy of being half naked in front of people .
None of the above choices .
I would have felt awful but used the feedback to improve my lessons
Char fell into the center of the pool and I knew I had to save him .
The directors wanted to children to learn certain things which adults already know
They felt happy .
They enjoyed the nice weather and felt lively .
Scientology is basically Buddhism
I would make sure that I continue to produce good work
They would get started on the debate prep
Because her hair is still perfectly coiffed .
None of the above choices .
The flowers would continue to prosper even if they were not cared for
Because I thought that would be a good product for me .
To eat M&Ms
I thought that they would have done the same thing if the roles were reversed
He might have sprawled because that 's the most common defense against back mount .
None of the above choices
Because he really likes to eat them .
None
I carry a blanket everywhere with me .
I carry a blanket everywhere with me .
Frank was excited about going on the boat and showed it through that kiss .
None of the above choices
Because people were discussing politics .
Our initial greeting would be delayed .
They were under too many sheets .
Because they are going on vacation there .
My dad 's life improved greatly and was no longer miserable .
A bunch of drunk women were partying on the train .
They wanted to be fondled by someone on the otherside .
They did n't want the women to see them being fondled by someone on the train .
None of the above choices .
Because they thought it would be fun .
Because today was a great day .
Because her place looked incredible .
I used to know them when I worked in Tennessee .
He might reveal a difficult truth
My transportation did n't arrive on time .
My transportation never arrived .
People will buy into his philosophy and want to emulate his way of thinking
People will begin to love his roundabout way of answering questions
She was forcing me to use my medication .
They went astray .
You realize that it is difficult to keep the faith and persist with your religion
None of the above choices .
They airplane exploded and fell apart on the house .
They wanted to see the event happening .
His team would struggle because though it is a team sport , individual contributions are crucial
We wanted to ride a boat on it .
It was a vintage melody .
Because John is forgetful
He might have gotten thirsty in day time and was looking for water .
Because they enjoyed their company .
People would be scared to let there children out to play alone
None of the above choices
He must feel it 's so good it makes you want to kill yourself .
None of the above choices .
They wanted to donate money to the cute kid which is what she was asking them to do
I have to come with ideas for gifts for three different occasions for my boyfriend and I do n't know what to get him
My doctor told me to quit that job .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
She harassed the boys
Finding the lost camping gear in the snow was difficult .
He wants to find ways to be mad at me because he prefers being mad at me over being happy with me
This finale might have been broadcasted from LA , CA .
I would enjoy some of my company with my animals .
They had too many basic seasonings and dips , but nothing fancy .
Because they are good quality .
Flacco 's team might have relied on the passing game to score and the defense to win the game .
She wants to have pretty , womanly nails and feels that when I cut them I prevent her from having her nails done well
Because they like to drink alcohol .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
To stop them from creating havok
The government asked him to stop by and create havok with them .
They want to write all the blood pressures down to give them medicine .
They want patients to get more involved in their own health .
They will require more blood pressure medication .
They may be able to exercise more frequently .
Phillippe Petite has many friends that are hilarious .
Phillippe Petite is French , the French have no sense of humor .
Because they did better than they expected to .
She went out of my life for twenty years .
They are watching the Olympics
I decided to take the dog home with her .
It was simply a great great day .
It was simply a great great day .
It was simply a great great day .
Watt might be an Asian fusion restaurant .
Things were progressing .
None of the above choices .
I was tired from entertaining people
I was bored and had nothing else to do
The loving mood was only temporary
Citibank will eventually close the account .
I was preparing for tomorrow 's breakfast .
I might view my personality as normal enough to be described by sensical images .
I had trouble going on offense .
None of the above choices .
He loves me he struggles to show it at times
Because the food tastes very bad .
Because big cats are playing rough with a kitten .
I was betrayed by my significant other who I loved .
Because JK is ready to break up with TO , and just need some space .
We both like the cold .
None of the above choices .
We collected mangos around the place .
None of the above choices .
I might feel that the meetings at work are a good use of time .
They could see the building across the street
Because this is n't a fat manifesto .
I needed to showcase the new fall colors in clothing .
I would have been finished sooner and had more spare time to relax in the evening
Because I am lost once again .
Ryan and Erin went to the reception before they were married in a ceremony .
Ryan and Erin went to their friends ' reception after they went to the wedding .
None of the above choices .
I will get my period once a month
None of the above choices .
We kids kept playing with the motor boat at night .
None of the above choices .
Because the kids enjoy playing on it .
They would have gone across the country
The mice would be active in there
Because they are black .
I want to keep a dream journal starting with this dream
Peanut is a term sometimes used to describe a small child
None of the above choices .
Because bb 's are lighter colored , but they will show better against the white background .
I would freely move and cheer .
I would freely sing along to the melodies .
They will be sad to leave school behind
Because it 's good to wear for playing Scattergories Junior
They wanted to get some fuel in before beginning the main hike
Because they are thinking about a difficult subject matter
Because what I do
They want to play the guitar
The one group elected to have c - sections .
Because we enjoy taking walks .
I prefer countries and cities which are more modern and contemporary rather than older and classical
I decided to take it and worked that night because they pay was very good
None of the above choices .
None of the following statements are true
Because they need a face balanced putter .
We wanted to explore gaps in the mountains
We wanted to find a cave
None of the above choices .
Powerlines fell onto them .
Because they did enjoy it .
They would have had hilarious experiences
They would have had hilarious experiences
I think dogs should sleep on the floor
My one and only dog will use the bed
It would have been a smoother trip in the weather had been different .
Because registration costs money .
I will buy single pane fixed windows for the sunroom
The person will start to exercise
None of the above choices .
The narrator would have come over
Paul was important to me .
I interpret dreams as alternate realities - If your mind is what makes things real , I figure there must be a reason why we dream so vividly some nights .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
Every child is unique and brings something different to my life which is irreplaceable
None of the above choices .
Russia will assert itself over the region and the US will respect that decision
She does n't share the same intense intense feelings with me .
She was / am in love with her .
I might go shopping for groceries .
George W. Bush ruined it
She was doing the walk - around and ran into me .
He is too powerful .
He might be the detective on the case .
I continued to eat more cereal
I had not eaten in a long time
He is a popular footballer and people were excited to meet him
None of the above choices .
They like My Little Ponies
They like walking around the mall
They like using different tools
They like using different tools
It is just standard protocol for every passenger of the plane .
They are i
I started my weight loss diet .
I started my weight loss diet .
Because we both might work jobs that involve being outdoors affecting our productivity .
He wanted to be friendly and welcoming to us and did his best to do so to leave a good impression
I keep my linens there .
They may take the phone off their plan
I thought that I should be considerate to my body and how I feel
None of the above choices .
Because they are planning to build or paint something .
Because they are mostly women .
None of the above choices .
He wanted to remain there so no - one could find him .
Because HippyChick had lap band surgery .
Oxford 's Carling Academy
We might have stayed in the parking lot and picked a club to dance and drink in .
She needed a recommendation for a new hair style .
They are learning to ride a bike
Because people are clinging onto something .
Because new teachers will learn mostly from experience .
I might stay with him and start new relationships with many people .
The party was a surprise party for my mother
Have clear , specific goals
The job has a flexible schedule
He was telling me that any motorcycle company is better than my favorite motorcycle company .
He was telling me that Moto Guzzi motorcycles are better than Harley Davidson motorcycles .
None of the above choices .
Because I thought I would enjoy it .
Because that was my idea for being organized .
Because the hotel is quite well situated .
This is what happens when you feel a heartbeat .
Because we are going to be apart for a while .
The car
My sister really does n't like men like Oi Yin .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
She will get the redemption that she is looking for
I went home and cooked off all the produce I had purchase for lunch
The woman suffers from bipolar disorder .
The couple sit down and talk to each other .
They are making material progress .
Because that 's a nice environment for getting writing done .
None
People would analyse their experiences deeply .
Because they were proud of themselves for understanding the poems .
She will revolt against him and will not follow his lead because she disagrees with him
The narrator donated their hair
She likes to keep me in the loop by leading me on
Because the dog does n't chew stuff up .
A very special package
None
It sounds delightfully normal .
Because moms ever eat warm food .
They do not believe in chiropractors
They do not believe in chiropractors
It makes me feel refreshed in the morning .
They would run around the path
They would be really in shape because I would run around this path .
It has a deep history .
I must have reworked the thesis at least thrice
None of the above choices .
He cultivated a cockney
It has all the space you 'll need .
This rental does n't have many trees around it .
Because I have a loving family .
I can move on to more advanced mathematics .
Politics are important .
Because there are cracks .
Because the days went by very fast and they barely remember them .
My boyfriend does n't reciprocate my efforts .
My boyfriend does n't appreciate everything I do for him .
Self - centered and vulnerable
I gave those girls my business
Because the boys are both feeling better .
She feels grimy and would be unable to sleep feeling dirty , the shower will help clean her and help her sleep
I knew I was going to have a late breakfast .
Because they haven't achieved as much as they could have .
Because his family has started a homestead .
Going out for dinner as a group would be a lot of fun
We are looking for food to eat and the algae is looking tasty !
She will want to stay in and read the book
I knew of a better place to go .
It might be concluded that I 'm white as white girls typically point out others being white .
I did some serious soul searching .
Because we are all created equal .
They wanted to promote variety in employees .
Because it is too hot
I might be trying to accomplish being online more than an hour a day .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I got tired of my original goal to be a teacher .
None of the above choices .
When we go hunting together and are trying to hunt for some animals where we need to be quiet and careful
Because they need to relieve some stress .
None of the above choices .
They would continue to make me feel bad for not calling even though I apologized
I was asked to do
I was asked to do a competition with a friend
Because I have been increasing my abilities but not knowledge about the poses .
I would enjoy the day off and feel fresh to carrying on studying tomorrow
The undue costs will be what drive down the economy .
A car .
People will not be able to browse public Picasa photos
Because they do n't have a lot of money .
They feel forgetful right now
They feel foolish right now
He had low self confidence and thought that his rendition was of poor quality
I find that I really like Print100 and brag about them constantly
Truly changing the course of business in the entertainment industry .
Because society deems it sensible .
None of the above choices .
I will be exhausted from packing and moving .
because it keeps the rust at bay
The doctor had high blood pressure .
A one night stand
She likes it
None of the above choices .
Because there were a lot of interesting people to watch .
Bats stick in closets because the become entangled in clothes
Because Medieval Europe was really interesting .
Because I hate myself but they want me to be afraid of them .
I was annoyed that he had woken up and I had water in my hand and couldn't resist so I poured it over him
Charter Communications would n't resolve the issues with it .
Everyone in the Chicago area doing ok ?
It 's an adaptation of multiple books .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I found some attire that I would enjoy .
None of the above choices .
Because the system is broken and does n't function well .
None of the above choices .
Because he likes her a lot .
They avoided having a traffic accident .
They loved when their car was out of control .
They loved when their car was out of control .
The narrator had a new baby
None of the above choices .
She is my best friend
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because this YouTube video is pretty good quality .
I might be influenced by small things like interesting settings and stories about the movie .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Take an aspirin to ease the pain .
None of the above choices .
We sailed steadily into the english channel , I had enough experience to keep us on course
None of the above choices .
My mother was n't present in my life .
Because the court rules may reflect the legislature
I might be expecting but not hoping it to be a financial success .
Timmy got the news about him going to camp .
None of the above choices .
I get excited by bargain hunting .
I get agitated by bargain hunting .
This kid 's section might be located in a McDonald 's .
I had to wait for the convocation photos place to open .
I was planning to watch them for 14 days .
One of them started dating an animal .
Her tire would be flat .
Her tire would be flat .
She would tire is ok to drive .
She would think tires were all good to drive .
I might be an avid fan of nonfictions and documentaries .
She did not bother to think about her wedding at all and everyone loved it and she was happy because she saved money on it
Because the characters are interesting .
I decided that I was good enough at Spanish and did not need to practice anymore
Because Lestat is generous .
Because he went on the big kid rides .
They really made a troll mad and it upset their stomach .
I am just exaggerating what actually happened to me .
They have to organize a meet up with their teen fans
They got the kids ready for school .
Because school is going well .
None of the above choices .
Mom 's car died on the road
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
We lost track of time because of rainbow .
We lost track of time because of rainbow .
We like outdoor adventures .
We like to spend time in nature .
None of the above choices .
Two dogs ran into them and made them cry .
It was that time of the month when the dogs hit her hard .
They hated moving to the new location .
Flat tires must happen often enough such that going 3 weeks without one is notable .
To make the students engage in competition .
This nar
He no longer talks to me and I feel lonely without him
South Congress would n't be transformed
Because they want the script to be used in
Because it 's the world of child welfare .
I finally had a valentine .
I like being able to get up if I need to without disrupting the event and still being close enough to see the speaker at the front
The orange color would have stayed on my skin for a longer time and been harder to remove
People will be upset .
I had been breathing abnormally and the doctor 's noticed
He wanted to go out with me as soon as possible because he likes me .
Because it kicked into life .
Because the 19 month old child was trapped in a room .
The dangerous smile might hide a real beneficence that means to do me justice .
I am traveling at the moment for an event and do n't have access to a computer where I am
Because metal gear solid and guitar hero
She needs to know that people are worried for her .
Because he likes her .
My intro to international relations class was cancelled
I was exhausted after getting other things done .
Because it looks nice .
They serve beer .
Because it only does harm to herself and does n't do any good .
Because they really enjoyed it there .
To do something fun .
My father was upset because my mom only cared about me .
Because they found that to be interesting .
I must be referring to a web page but not a paper page .
Because the route is 10 minutes by bike .
Because she did her homework .
None of the above choices .
I would decided to join the cause regardless because I believe in what is right
Because there was a bloodcurdling scream .
Because they enjoy each other 's company .
I am trying to loose weight by counting calories .
I am trying to eat healthier .
My family was immigrating there .
They have n't sustained an injury
He does not care that the smell is offensive to other people
Because they like each other .
I cleaned a couple of much needed things from my room .
Because I know a lot about computers
She and Tom wanted to do it together to celebrate how the bees buzzing .
Because they have n't had much experience on them .
I am excited about bringing my camera .
I am excited about bringing my camera .
Because the song is called Believe .
I would likely finish the book regardless because it was a gift
They were handled incorrectly at the party .
She hurt herself
Apathy
Captivation
It did n't have cod in it .
Because complaining about the problems relieves some pent up problems .
I might play tennis often enough to be good enough to win against another player .
I might have gotten drunk and passed out on top of it .
The food there is rich and tasty and it is difficult to curb one 's eating habits so I ended up overeating a lot and gaining weight
Because the person believes in God .
Brett Farve played badly against the Cardinals .
I simply needed to end the day .
None of the above choices .
She noticed something flying by her .
I seem to ignore overeating yet seem to blame the non - impact of dairy product .
I just did n't care about it .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Fred and Angelina attended a friends wedding
Fred and Angelina will begin their new life together
I was going to do some watersports .
Some music that had screeching violins .
I am happy that it 's in the parking lot cos parking will be easier
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
The kids all went to the gym for an assembly
Because labour pains are intense .
I will feed her less food at meal times
I will limit the amount of treats I give her .
She will develop great skills at it and it will be fun to spend time knitting with her
I like writing about characters who live an easy life
Because the dish has a lot of different ingredients
I was being dishonest throughout it .
Because young children enjoy chewing on things .
None of the above choices .
My other PC was running slow .
They would experience drinks which are cold while still being full flavored and intense
It is the only film available in the musical category .
It is the only film available in the musical category .
None of the above choices .
None of the items on this page are related to
He would be foaming at the mouth
Because he believes she deserves to die .
Because they were exactly 30 minutes .
I might be planning to keep the bottle in my bathroom wherever I go .
Because I had dreams of great food .
Because I 've seen these stamps advertised .
Because many women are uncomfortable with the shape of their bodies .
They will see that she can only produce good scarves and not much else
I might feel that my dog are I are worlds apart .
Because school is not an unpleasant task .
None of the above choices
None of the above choices .
They have cancer and are undergoing treatment
I was n't allowed to celebrate with a party .
Because they had a great spot to dive from .
Because they were very impressed with the artist 's performance .
None of the above choices .
Because he is irresponsible
None of the above choices .
I would not be smoking weed
I had no weed to smoke
I had no weed to smoke
Because they gave a lot of blood .
She expected the movers to take all day .
Because it allows me to examine how to ask her in concrete way .
Because I was at a business conference .
They were acting their age in a young setting .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I used to be prepared in barely an hour when I went on trips alone but with the family it takes less time because we are more people so I don't see why people need 6 hours
He stole some string cheese that was vital to cooking the dinner .
None of the above choices .
Because Jack likes coke
Boxing will gain even more popularity .
Because they enjoy chatting with people online .
None of the above choices .
I would have baked biscuits
I would have baked biscuits
I will learn to deal with the requirements and manage my own requirements all on my own which will be great for me as an adult
This person choose to leave their job by choosing life .
This person was unhappy with late night closings and choose to have a life by quitting .
None of the above choices .
Because I was on the ground .
I had companions that cheered me up .
He was speaking too fast .
Because I was hit in the face .
Because they might have some serious medical condition .
I wanted my hair to be noticeable .
Because she had a disturbing dream .
They had excellent mechanics .
Because raccoons moved into the house .
I got to hang out with a good friend .
Because Kew offered such a
None of the above choices .
I might find some time in
AIDS causes immune deficiency making someone feel tired and fatigued regularly
I was having a music making session
I was running on a treadmill
None of the above choices .
I was not on time
Because they are a very rare case .
Because they enjoy cooking .
We flew International to attend a funeral
They will have grandpas burial
It was an reminder for him as to why he quit and how far he had come since that last cigarette
None of the above choices .
It might be because the teachers were well trained and I was prepared .
I found that I could handle the issue better if added more devotion .
Because I am getting straight A 's this fall .
It had unseen factors at play .
