None of the above choices .
He wants the girl he is going to marry get in trouble .
An ambulance would likely come to the scene
The bus would arrive at the stop soon
He likely fell on the sidewalk and hit his head while intoxicated
He was waiting on the taxi
Because it was late .
I was able to separate myself from the wold .
It is a precursor to understanding his success
Moderate
Indpendent
She becomes angry with her husband
My throat is infected .
The pilot wanted to test out the floats and decided to use them
It makes no difference to Baby E what is going on around him .
None of the above choices .
Sometimes your current insurance will be too complacent with you .
Their feelings have been changed since trying the Evo - G MP1 pad
Because an incident report would be sent
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Those groups happened to give better feedback because they were just better
I am taking sabbatical .
I am taking a sabbatical .
Because we do n't normally get excited about mundane things like hand soap .
Less females would have the opportunity
She would not have been successful
Because they are frustrated .
Because they are a popular and talented singer .
You would experience unpleasant side - effects .
Because It Was The Beginning Of A Change .
They are not pleased with the valet service
My child is young and need '
Just because it ca n't be done and because it 's stupid .
Because Robin felt the responsibility but not the responsibility .
I would have rather have gone to school which provided magic pens
They are on vacation
I wanted a break from my family .
Someone invited me there .
The sport fiesta was too short so it ended really abruptly
Because a shooting game involves violence but do not kill people .
Being sought out
He would mistake me for his parent .
Because the writers thinks the shoes will be very good .
Drug addiction
Unemployment
She does n't know her way around the system
I am an myspace addict .
She consoles me and makes me feel better about myself .
I would work my abdominal muscles .
She would leave the baby alone at home .
She would leave the baby alone at home .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money .
Because she was taking care of sick people .
The sun assists in warming the paint so it is easy to apply
None of the above choices .
Because they picked a hell of a first day to write .
They are a host
Army
I was irritated that I had to spend the day working when I could have been home packing for my trip
I would lighten up and not be so tense about seeing someone after
None of the above choices
I did n't have to work for compensation .
None of the above choices
The teacher was tardy .
None of the above choices .
It got a new coat
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I could ride in an helicopter for the first time if I went to Tanjung Aru .
Because he returns home Friday .
None of the above choices .
i am losing too much weight .
I am losing too much weight .
She , her husband , and the man must have lived in the same house for 30 years .
Because he is interested in her .
Because of our little planet
Because they were at the airport .
He is lactose intolerant so it hurt
Because there is Casino night .
We want a floor that will look pleasant because it peels up .
None of the above choices .
He could make it fun .
I must have attended a spring quarter .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
The study will be able to take a longer time suggesting that there will be more funding
Because it felt it was in danger .
They did n't need an area manager .
Because they are experiencing the effects of reducing smoking
The stations have good food at them so they 've expanded over the years
Because she tucked her hands behind her .
Because she is about to give birth .
Because the writer is making lighthearted jokes .
He was injured .
Nothing should be worn to make a statement .
Because the writer believes people are interested .
Anaheim
Because the manager likes to exaggerate .
None of the above choices .
Since I made the recipe up , I didn't know the right measurements for waffles .
Her friend would n't look her in the eyes .
None because Mike would have started to dislike me .
Because they were a few miles into the five hour drive .
The role he was playing required him to look not as attractive
He was trying to hard to look good and it showed poorly
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I stopped exercising at the time .
I might neither travel nor cook at different altitudes .
Because fish is supposed to be soft .
Because it was Sunday August 31 .
Because I am responsible .
It was being made for an event .
Because the ball just started a short time before .
Because the seats were located in the centre .
Because the doctors want if the problem goes away on its own .
Because she was n't interested in names .
Because they are stupid and are n't thinking about the potential consequences .
It has no traffic .
It 's risky to drive on it .
A fragrant tree
I have never been in love
The work there was simple .
The river could not have flowed faster than we could row downstream .
She vomited .
Because they are interested in her .
Because the writer could n't find anything wrong with the place .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam
None of the above choices .
Because they ca n't obtain the breed they want .
We will have to break off our engagement because we are not financially stable enough to get married
None of the above choices .
Because the writer got little things done today .
Because she is transitioning
Because certain people can find the keys outside .
The person wanted to have companionship .
The puppy owner does after holding the puppy ?
The puppy owner does after holding the puppy ?
I got spelled
None of the above choices .
They may enjoy a quieter movie experience
Because he 's really into cycling .
Because it soon was airborne .
Because she is interested in him .
I was staying in a high school dormitory .
They are not a fan of Spirite
They do n't like Craig
They would have caught that bus
They would n't have caught that bus
They want to jump a mile high .
They love to see peoples reactions when they laugh loudly .
She may have been busy with school work .
Because it was kind of late .
Because experience draws them together .
They are not a performer
One of the lamp shades cracked .
They wanted to show support for their candidate .
It was hosted to stimulate brain - stretching conversation .
Because the pain never came back .
Because we have very little room for games consoles
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because someone has to make everything difficult .
I felt a bit worried about going to the event at first ?
We needed to complete some paperwork .
None of the above choices .
It is possible the accident fractured her tailbone .
To check that she is still alive .
Because they thought it would be enjoyable to watch .
I might be a dentist
It had high - quality products in high - quantities .
None of the above choices .
Heck might stop believing the dirty tricks theory , and the belief might get weaker .
Laura is outgoing and explored more than I did .
They are over the age of two
None of the above choices .
Because that was my reflex .
Because the writer cried .
Because dedication and work ethic are admirable qualities .
They enjoy speaking Pashto
Because no character represented Sony 's hardware
Because I 'm trying to lose weight .
Because it was n't awkward .
A speaking engagement
Nervous
Nervous
The speaker is affectionate toward the woman .
Because they were in the apartment .
None of the above choices .
I lost my iPhone .
He would want them on the bowling team
I let my stress and emotions take over me .
Because screen glare reduces the quality of the images .
It might be because she does have time to kill doing other things .
None of the above choices .
It must have meant a minor deal as they have spent any time planning it .
They have the patience to sweat it all out
None of the above choices .
Hector displays troubling behavior and Tim does not want to meet people acting the same
Because the water heater might have been working good enough .
The narrator might believe the remodeling and landscaping can lower the value of your home .
I might not have had a time slot open for him to get a massage for his birthday .
She wanted to flirt with me and show me her good hygiene .
They would not have gotten teased
They would have gotten cooking recipes
Brian was injured at school
Doctors are extremely intelligent
He was unsettling .
Because they were out of shape .
None of the above choices .
Those were the team colors .
It signifies how alive I feel thankfully .
For chronic pain and depression
Because I do n't pay for cable tv
Because he got very upset .
A request to feed her children
I was growing attached to someone .
It almost got hit in the traffic
They are taking care of a child
They do not have children
I will continue to work until all the clinical work becomes second nature to me
Because they enjoyed hunting .
She thought someone else was going to meet their demise .
Because others might not accept the writer .
Because they have sandwiches and chips set between the diamond .
She would have asked me to let my other thoughts
She would have asked me to let my other thoughts
I must be feeling great about it since it has less hours and pay for things I used
He tends to be very skilled but just not as good as some of the others in division 1
Her limbs were stuck on the fire department 's tight ladder
It was excellent watching them upstairs and celebrating their win
Because of trying times
None of the above choices .
He can recognize a good student .
He can recognize a bad student .
Richelle will love him for a short time .
He falls in love easily and for short periods of time .
They love Mitch .
He will dump Richelle after a short period of time .
None of the above choices .
My work place might have an
None of the above choices .
Because it falls on November 28th
I am just not good at math so it was better I didn t take it .
California gets a lot
How to influence the law makers .
A most influential person in audiovisual industry .
A most influential person in audiovisual industry .
None of the above choices .
They might fall in love with you
Because I 'm happy for you .
Because I came to a stop just a few feet from the offramp .
She desired one but did n't want to deal with the price .
I would be unable to complete my project on time
I was used to having people around and because I was feeling bad , being alone felt additionally bad
None of the above choices .
Because a man was keeping her company .
The person was married to the speaker .
The person attended the dinner with the professor and female astronaut .
I would be depressed and hurt and I would not know what to do , for a long time at least
I 'm excited that she 's not moving out soon
I may move back home
It would be a cake walk .
He thought that we were better looking when we sucked in our guts and made our butts seem tighter
I did n't have it in me to regret the situation ?
The time might not pass as fast
The narrator
They would have missed their connection
They would have been two hours late
He was trying to come up with an idea .
That being depressed is normal .
That being depressed is normal .
They will know that depression can be cured .
They will know that depression can be cured
I spent too much money on food and large purchases .
Because Will taught her .
She will be bombarded with spam emails
Because all of their equipment failed at the same time .
Because it 's rare to see cockatoos flying freely because they 're not kept as pets .
He passed away while writing .
Because my dad might not have been expecting a visit from anyone .
The store gets crowded on that day .
Mike and I would keep listening to music while moving my things into the old house .
Because the writer jumped up and pounced on someone .
Because they just got laid off .
None of the above choices .
Because she was n't able to explain what happened to her .
They are celebrating a 20 year anniversary .
They are celebrating their birthday .
Their so called friends wanted them to move .
Their so called friends wanted them to move .
The stairs were falling in .
The stairs were falling in .
It would go unused for a period of time
It would become a dumping ground for clutter .
They would be irritated to have their physical privacy invaded
I might have gone to a makeup show and did n't enjoy the experience .
Because I ca nt feel the satisfaction .
Susanne is planning on moving to Copenhagen .
Susanne thinking about living in Copenhagen .
Because people might be able to learn something from her .
The book touches on justice
Because they will want for love or nurture .
None of the above choices .
This person is preparing for
Because he doesn't want to pack and unpack machines .
None of the above choices .
The area where the game was held was hot .
It was difficult to get any privacy while there .
None of the above choices .
Because Darlene could n't find anything she liked .
People often get part time jobs around Christmas
Because I dragged off a lot
It cooled down .
She lost her legs .
Writing is just the only way to do it now .
I am a judgmental person if I looking so deeply at his hair .
We will be on the road for a long time
To run several hundred miles in Detroit metro area .
They got a new phone and it is n't working the same .
We would relax .
When traveling for work , some people find answers in the aisle of Walmart .
The more times a person remarries the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
He will look forward to his next dance that will happen
We had to dress up and pretend to be someone else so that we were permitted into the country club
My constant fussing over the cats causes me to get hot from constantly worrying about them
He loved being pushed by me over and over .
This probably happened in Winter
Because people were getting on the ground .
I stopped believing in God .
I lost my faith in God .
I want to get back to my house faster after I finish my job for the day .
It is currently in the game .
Because we rode down the narrow trail .
To change the color .
To change the color .
His suicide attempt failed .
He misses me when
He is paralyzed from spine injury .
He is recovering from back problem .
The car has more space to use the front or rear wheels to accelerate
Because Iowa has quite a few creative types
He decided to shave and dry his hair before doing anything else
I might have been expecting nothing and nothing must have happened .
They do not enjoy learning about history
They enjoy learning about history
The mujahedin would realize war was not worthwhile
It might be concluded that I 'm too young to go to concerts and have a roommate .
None of the above choices .
He was attempting to have a unique approach to art
Because she wanted the unborn baby to die .
None of the above choices .
Because the final road block was demolished .
Because it would benefit many people .
Because the writer likes Stargate .
She was n't interested in me .
Because something is supposed to be over .
I fell when I bent to pick something up .
None of the above choices .
Because that would literally kill the old world content .
None of the above choices .
Because most children are being entertained .
We intertwined our four bodies on top of a wood table .
We made a table for our intertwined bodies to lay on .
None of the above choices .
I just finished being pregnant and delivering
Gaining 4/10 of a pound
Experimental anime becomes better over time , Warp and Kaiba have improved .
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun
Because the writer used to wonder why people looked at her funny .
I hung out with some girls I do n't really know
None of the above choices .
Because other guys size you and judge you
Because they were attractive and nice
We might be playing some treasure hunt type of a game instead of a real hunt .
She was already in love with him .
She was already in love with him .
She will get a big promotion at work .
Her boss will stop speaking to her .
Because races are isolated events , and including others add more isolation to it .
It uses a single - tenant architecture .
This book might tell of tragic stories about Marie Therese
None of the above choices .
Selling drugs in order to pay for school .
Because it 's been too long since our last post .
None
He closed the door on her .
My roomates left a spare set at the apartment .
He is being sued for harassing Heather .
None of the above choices .
Because they have accepted some things that happened in the past .
Because the writer and Sars enjoy each other 's company .
She would be cordial .
The narrator would have a longer than usual commute
Because the actor can do a Russian accent .
Because it 's a nice thing to do .
They are interested in American history
Its tea prices are fair .
I will have to search for the content of the email because I omitted the subjects in many of my emails and searching the subject would be unhelpful
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they were saying during a heated moment .
They have dial up internet .
I might not have thanked Maria but promised to pay back the favor .
Because she remembered something she learned .
I accidentally twisted the key out of shape .
Every room was smaller then the last .
It was involuntary and she did it without thinking .
None of the above choices .
The eldest son is going to Iraq
I was n't getting enough rest .
I was experiencing discomfort .
The brightness levels were low .
Because the writer went for a walk around downtown .
A customer made a racist remark about Asians
They do n't tolerate sexism
The narrator will take the tools to be sharpened .
He has studied Tulum history
Because the writer was due on April 17 .
They 're a micromanager .
The narrator might not be impressed with their principles
Because my yoga pants might not be appropriate at work .
Because they moved to Siberia
Because they left their friends and family
None of the above choices .
Because this person may dazzle everyone with a great work of fiction .
I will have a good rest of the night but might not remember much .
They 're pornographic pictures .
Because a grown up .
They do not like sunlight in the bedroom
They do not like sunlight in the bedroom
Carbon River Road would have more snow .
There woul dbe higher amounts of snow to hike through
There would be more snow on the trial
Carbon River Road would have more snow falling
None of the above choices .
Because Miranda poured searing coffee .
The writer
Because I might be dehydrated .
He was about to go in for a kiss .
He wanted to move forward with
None of the above choices
None of the above choices
The narrator avoided talking about his trip to NYC after .
Because soon it would be too dark .
Because the cat has been living in the bathroom .
Because Russia has successfully invaded Georgia .
None of the above choices .
She is looking for a potential groom
In a recording studio
None of the above choices .
Because the man was tied to the front booth .
I prefer doing courses which are theoretical
I saw an attractive woman .
Because it was n't carbonated yet .
He would be in poor health
None of the above choices .
I might be visiting an area what is popular among Americans as well as Europeans .
I need to spend all the money I can before my vacation .
I need to spend all the money I can before my vacation .
The narrator might be trying to describe a highly likely scenario .
It was hard to develop a certain character .
None of the above choices .
The base given up as a result of an error must count against the pitcher as an error .
I would have decided that teaching was not for me and quit my job
Char
So that parents could watch the movie and understand it differently to how children would
They felt too tired .
They were bored .
Because there was
I am not near as undesirable as I was thinking for awhile there .
They would have a sore throat from verbal diarrhea
None of the above choices .
I would still look good .
The flowers would have simply have been left behind and died before whomever moved into their house after they moved arrived
Because it takes an English BB .
Because of their horse
I thought that they would not mind if there was an small scrape or two
He might have sprawled because that 's the least common defense against take downs .
Because the woman is interested in learning more about the writer .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer had to stop often
I still suck my thumb .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices
Because the writer realized they were prejudging some people .
The welcome ceremony would n't happen until 2 .
They were being summoned .
Because they are going on vacation there .
My father 's life improved greatly and was no longer miserable .
They like to get fondled on the train .
They were tired of being fondled .
They wanted to be fondled ?
He nipped me on the leg .
Because they did n't go anywhere new .
Because they set off around 11:30 .
Because they enjoy watching the Olympics .
I used to know them when I was an kid .
He might treat the writer like she 's invisible
My transportation did n't arrive on time .
I could n't recall what happened on Friday morning .
People will begin to love his roundabout way of answering questions
None of the above choices .
She was trying to get her medication out of my throat .
The knight made the puffs leave .
You will begin to realize that it is difficult to keep the faith and persist with your religion
Because the girls were in for a treat .
They think an earthquake happened .
They wanted to be the first with info on what happened .
His team would struggle because though it is a team sport , individual contributions are crucial
We wanted to go to the Eerie Canal ?
It was an antique .
Because John is forgetful .
He might have gotten thirsty at night and was looking for water .
Because they enjoyed their company .
Children would be prevented from spending too much time away from home because of fear from the parents
Because asking a personal question like that is common , unless we make it into a joke .
He must feel it 's so bad it makes you want to kill someone .
Because the writer wo n't melt in the 104 degree heat .
She knew that the cute kid would persuade people because people will do anything for a cute kid
I do n't know how I am going to spend time with his family during these holidays and I need some advice and help
It made me depressed .
Pensive
Pensive
They asked if they could have one
Duncan Lake was closed to traffic due to heavy snow .
None of the above choices .
This finale might have been broadcasted from Seattle , WA .
I would fall into a deep sleep .
They lacked basic ingredients and ran out of many foods .
Because they are eye catching .
None of the above choices .
She wants her nails longer and hates that I make it hard for her to grow them
Because they did n't feel pain from the beer can .
Throwing a party on the television .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
He saw the living room was dimly lit and wanted to change the light bulb .
He saw the living room was dimly lit and wanted to change the light bulb .
They want patients to start taking care of themselves and not go to a doctor .
They want patients to get more involved in their own health .
Their blood pressure may get back under control .
They may be able to exercise more frequently .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer was tired .
She went out of my life for twenty years .
They live in China
I decided to send the dog to the pound .
A tour guide in the town I visited .
Back to my apartment .
To the guitar shop .
Watt might be an Asian fusion restaurant .
Things weren't progressing .
Because they live in New Hampshire .
I was tired from entertaining people
I was bored and had nothing else to do
They wo n't see each other tomorrow
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I might view my personality as common enough to be described by nonsensical images .
I had trouble going on offense .
Because it was on Monday .
None of the above choices
None of the above choices .
Because the writer was expecting to hear some mewing .
I was betrayed by my significant other who I loved .
Because JK is not ready to break up with TO , but does n't need some space .
We 're growing close ?
Because I saw a woman outside her car .
None of the above choices .
We collected mangos around the place .
I might feel that the meetings at work are useless waste of time .
They could not see the building across the street
Because the writer posted a photo
I may be causing you to draw all the clothing ?
I would have managed
Because I am lost once again .
Ryan and Erin 's wedding ceremony was held in
Ryan and Erin went to the reception before they were married in a ceremony
Because she injured herself doing a physical activity .
I will not get my period as regularly
I might have had financial issues but might have been able to find the time .
Almost nothing kept the noise from reaching my father 's bedroom .
He was starting to get violent .
Because the kids enjoy playing on it .
They would have posted sooner
The mice would n't be active in there
Because I 've lost weight .
I want to write a story from this dream
Peanut is a term sometimes used
Because they just started writing .
Because bb 's are lighter colored , and they will show worse against the white background .
I would freely move and cheer .
None of the above choices .
They will no longer have to wake up at 6 o clock
Because it 's good to wear for playing Scattergories Junior
They wanted to put off the hike as long as they could before starting
Because the writer has time .
Because what I do n'
They will buy another new guitar
The one group had babies that did n't drop in the womb so they needed c - sections .
Because it was Sunday evening .
I prefer countries and cities which are more modern and contemporary rather than older and classical
I declined because I felt like I wanted to go watch a movie instead
None of the above choices .
Because they needed the room for something else .
Because they would perform better with a different putter .
We wanted to explore gaps in the mountains
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Our neighbors did n't want the trees in their yards .
Because the salt was from the Dead Sea .
They would not have had hilarious experiences
They would have driven in Malaysia
I would not be able to afford it myself
I might sleep on the bed myself
We would have just missed out on some scenery on the trip .
Because registration costs money .
I will call the landlord to fix the windows and leaks .
The person will start to exercise
The narrator would have taken the bus
The narrator would have come over
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I am no longer meet Paul in my dream .
I may be trying to forget Paul unconsciously .
Every child is unique and brings something different to my life which is irreplaceable from one child to the next
Because Lara died .
The US will begin to see that Russia intends to protect Georgia and will respect them
I do n't want
She was n't in love with me .
I might go shopping for shoes .
The democrats attempted to rectify the issues with the economy and John McCain stopped them .
None of the above choices .
He always helps precisely when I ask for it .
He might be the sherif deputy on the case .
None of the above choices .
I may have had an allergic reaction
People wanted to thank him for playing football
Because they had been on anesthesia .
They like My Little Ponies
They do not like shopping
They are n't creative
They only like certain types of art
None of the above choices .
They are irrational people
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He wanted to be friendly and welcoming to us and did his best to do so to leave a good impression
I keep yarn for knitting there .
They may take the phone off their plan
I thought that they may be indications that I was entering labor
None of the above choices .
Because the writer should be home around eight .
Because they are mostly women .
None of the above choices .
He tried to kill someone .
Because they think other people will be interested in that .
Full tours are very large , so it 's easier to see MGMT on stage than in an small venue .
We might have gone into the Park blvd and picked a lot to dance and drink in .
None of the above choices .
They are doing something they have not done in a long time
Because it 's in a state of decline .
Because teaching is learned at teacher 's college .
I might stay with him and start new relationships with many people .
My mom did not want to host the party
Being goals that seem impossible and scary .
The writer
None
None
Because the writer has been waiting for a cheque .
Because Jeff wanted to take my convertible car on a test drive .
Because we 'll see how long they keep it working .
Because it 's not that big .
I am in love with this boy .
This is what happens when you feel a heartbeat .
The car
She does n't like to have dinner with tons of girls .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
They did not have much in common because of their age difference .
Richard will meet her for the first time .
I realized that I had spent too much money and wanted to find a way to return some of my items
The woman does n't like her job .
The couple separate .
They are making material progress .
Because my sister and I have n't lived to together since she was nine .
Because the writer was losing their hearing .
Interactions between others would become something different .
None
She will choose to obey Lucius because he is in control
The narrator donated their hair
None of the above choices .
Because the writer 's brother sleeps on the couch .
A very special package
I will repackage the box
It sounds delightfully odd .
Because moms never eat warm food .
They are not having trouble sleeping
They are not having trouble sleeping
It makes me feel refreshed in the morning .
They would be out of shape
They would be out of shape
It has a short history .
I must have reworked the thesis at least once before .
I would neglect getting my medication .
He cultivated a cockney slur .
It does n't have all the space you 'll need .
It 's far from Issaquah .
Because it makes the separation from loved ones so much easier .
I will go forward to Algebra I.
Someone might describe Jeff to be an open minded and willing to engage others .
Because they 've been getting their feelings hurt .
Because Tuesday through Thursday never existed .
I have no one to look after me or just cuddle .
I am sick and want my boyfriend to cuddle .
Quiet unassuming
None of the above choices .
Because they have some boys that are below the teenage years .
She usually showers before bed but he does not know this
None of the above choices .
Because they have n't achieved as much as they could have .
Because his wife does n't get to blog as often as she would like .
None of the above choices .
A geological survey where we document flora and fauna .
She will ask to go to a park or to the movies
The library did n't have a biography section .
None of the above choices
None of the above choices .
Because gender is so important .
They wanted to promote variety in employees .
because it is too hot
I might be trying to accomplish being online more than an hour a day .
Because it was unjustified .
Because there was n't much traffic being driven to the site .
My hours were increasing .
My hours were increasing .
Whenever he comes over to my house with his guns
Because they were in an car accident .
None of the above choices .
They would not accept my apology knowing that I was just trying
I was too lazy and depressed not to .
I was too lazy and depressed not to .
Because I have been decreasing in my abilities and knowledge about the poses .
I would fall so far behind I would not be able to catch up
They usually do n't , this is just a blanket statement of an politician .
The writer .
There will be more changes to Google photos
Because nothing much around Bugis .
They do not feel forgetful right now
They do not feel forgetful right now
He wanted it to be a surprise for her to hear at
None of the above choices .
The narrator would research the entertainment industry
Because society deems it sensible .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None
The doctor was too sick to call .
A one night stand
She is just okay with it
She had just got home exhausted ?
Because the cafes were affordable .
Bats stick in closets because the become entangled in clothes .
Because the writer looked at the iron age long house .
Because they hate me and want them to be not afraid of me .
None of the above choices .
I found a sweet deal with another provider .
Because there is some severe weather in Chicago .
It 's an adaptation of a complex work .
None of the above choices .
I found some attire that I would enjoy
None of the above choices .
Because the table was free .
Because the system is broken and does n't function well .
I decided to start running less .
Because the writer knew something all along .
They avoided having an traffic accident .
They were only 16 and just learning .
They wanted to be able to handle anything scary .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
She is my girlfriend
I could n't sleep
I wanted to see the sun rise
I might have been wondering how it was going to open so I can critique them .
Because it 's unfortunate .
I might be influenced by small things like interesting settings and stories about the movie .
Bright flashes of lightening .
Give the baby an aspirin to ease her pain .
Give the baby an aspirin to ease her pain .
None of the above choices .
We drifted way off course because I had never steered a ship before
Because they were with their lady friend .
He raised me on his own ?
Because the court rules may not reflect the legislature
I might not be expecting or hoping it to be a financial success .
The news interested Timmy .
Because the writer is n't going to turn it into a political blog .
I get excited by bargain hunting .
I get upset when I spend money .
This kid 's section might be located in a playground .
None of the above choices .
They would no longer be aired every day on the nightly TV schedule .
One of them started dating an animal .
Her tire would be flat .
Her tire would be flat .
She would know tire was n't flat .
She would know tire was n't flat .
None of the above choices
Many brides tend
Because the characters are interesting .
None
Because he took him to restaurants .
Because he went on Splash Mountain .
They tried hard not to make anyone mad and it did n't work , so they got a stomach ache .
Pulling
The Queen of Teen is going to select an author as her " successor . "
They had no homework .
Because school is almost over .
Because I headed back to my apartment .
The little Vauxhall Corsa was being towed
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
We were tired because of long trip .
We lost track of time because of rainbow .
We are rusty jet boat riders .
We are trip advisers .
They has to move where there is no internet .
None of the above choices .
They hated moving to the new location .
They hated moving to the new location .
Flat tires must not happen often enough such that going 3 weeks without one is notable .
Because they have nothing better to do .
None
None of the above choices .
The place would be transformed
Because they wanted to have a six hour meeting .
Because we hear the statistics of what has gone wrong for children .
I did something exciting ?
I find that the middle is usually where the look when looking for volunteers
I would have easily been able to correct my issue by removing the color staining
People will be upset .
None of the above choices .
He is in love with me and wanted
Because it kicked into life .
None of the above choices .
The dangerous smile might hide a real beneficence that means to do me justice .
I was not permitted a computer in my carry on luggage and can not access the internet without that computer
Because more people purchased the wii than the xbox .
She was worried that no people were there for her .
Because it was later on in the evening .
I did not have a class scheduled at that time
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
They make profit when customers order it .
Because they have n't yet learned what 's happened in the past 6 months .
Because the writer was out of luck .
To put on a bandana .
He could n't ditch his spouse and his child .
Because they found that to be interesting .
I must be referring to a paper page but not a page person .
Because the route is 10 minutes by bike .
Because we renewed my library card .
They made a huge error and wanted to fix it .
I would have joined the cause because I myself was bored at the time
Because the bus stopped .
Because they enjoy each other 's company .
I had the urge not to ingest it .
I am trying to eat healthier .
It would be their last chance to view it .
They have n't sustained an injury
he does not care what others think
Because they love going to Southcenter .
I could n't bring myself to throw away unneeded items .
Because I know .
She and Tom wanted to do it together to celebrate how the bees buzzed .
Because they have n't had much experience on them .
I am injured from Radiohead .
I feel like I 'm sick from Radiohead .
Because they are taking pictures on Thursday .
I would likely consider reading the book but eventually give up on it because the charactes are dull and repetitive and stop reading
They were handled incorrectly as everyone was hungover .
She hurt herself
Affection
Captivation
It did n't meet my expectations .
Because complaining about the problems worsens some pent up emotions .
I might play tennis rarely enough to be good enough to lose against another player .
None of the above choices .
The food there is rich and tasty and it is difficult to curb one 's eating habits so I ended up overeat a lot and gaining weight
Because the person believes in God .
He stopped playing and joined a different team .
None of the above choices .
People were frustrating me .
She noticed something flying by her .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer knew they would be married .
Because there were fork - related sightings
Fred and Angelina became husband and wife .
They may dance until morning
None
None of the following words are related to this
None of the above choices .
Because they are n't scheduled to work .
None of the kids in school would be aware what happened
The parents called their kids into the school gym
Because labour pains are intense .
I will extract weight off of her surgically .
I will extract weight off of her surgically .
She will realize that she 's no good at it and likely give up
I prefer to write about characters who are facing difficulties and hardships
None of the above choices .
I wish I could 've held up my charade of dishonesty throughout it .
Because young children enjoy chewing on things .
The files are compressed and low quality .
My other PC permanently crashed .
They would find that the drinks do n't change complexity the same way
The feeling of nostalgia , the movie brings back memories .
With each viewing they see new hidden details .
None of the above choices .
Because it started to downpour .
He would be standing up straight
She did n't belong in people 's houses .
Because they were entirely
I might be planning to keep the bottle in my bathroom in my bathroom .
Because I was n't going to get daily massages after all .
Because they are really neat .
Because summer is looming around the corner .
They will see that she has a lot of great items
I might feel that my dog are I are not that different .
Because school is not an unpleasant task .
Because Amanda wo n't be able to talk until Monday .
The writer
They have cancer and are undergoing treatment .
I was n't allowed to celebrate with a party .
Because Mike and Tracy had n't gotten any sleep .
Because they saw a person on fire .
Because I was n't very hungry .
Because there was a certificate awarding .
I would not have purchased weed
I would not be smoking weed
I bought enough to smoke some the same day
None of the above choices .
Because they lost their virginity .
She is waiting to move into the apartment
None of the above choices .
Because he is assertive .
They were n't acting their age .
She was giving a farewell .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices
None of the above choices .
Because they got rained on .
Because the writer had to have another .
The boxer will get a knock out .
Because they managed an internet cafe .
I baked flavored biscuits for the first time
I would have thrown them out
I would have baked biscuits
I will grow tired of all the responsibilities and want to get a roommate
This person choose to leave their job by choosing life .
None of the above choices .
Efrain got abducted .
Because I was on the ground .
I cheered myself up .
He was speaking at a mile a hour .
Because my father came onto me .
Because the writer took two rounds of antibiotics .
I wanted my hair to be noticeable .
Because she had a disturbing dream .
They were a tall lean couple .
Because a tree fell on it .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
They would n't see Mr. Gus
I might find some time in the weekend to get less sleep so my cold gets worse .
He probably had not slept well while at the scouts retreat
I was planning to work out
I was running on a treadmill
I was not on time
I was out of breath
Because the presentation took an hour .
Because they want to live , good quality life .
We flew International to attend a funeral
They will have grandpas burial
None of the above choices
Cabrera did n't make it to third .
It might be because the teachers were not well trained although I did n't study .
I was inspired by my ministry as they talked me through the issue .
Because I am not going to lose my job .
I enjoyed Wish You Were Here the most ?
