He wants to get married to a different person .
He wants the girl he is going to marry get in trouble .
The taxi would pick up the young man
The taxi would pick up the young man
He likely fell on the sidewalk and hit his head while intoxicated
He was waiting for the bus
Because the writer mentioned it yesterday .
I started thinking about the six billion people in the world .
So he makes me look good to the school that I graduated from .
The first McCain / Obama debate last night .
None of the above choices .
She confirmed her biases
The throat is infected .
The pilot was running a test landing and wanted to see how we did exiting via the floats
It makes no difference to Baby E what is going on around him .
Baby E was annoyed with the quality of the 3 month photos and wanted to redo them .
Sometimes your current insurance will be too complacent with you
They were too small for FPS gaming
Because he does need any special equipment to move around .
Amelia specifically wanted to undermine her mom .
I bought the replacements immediately
Those groups cared more about their members than other groups
I lost my vacation days .
I lost my vacation days .
Because this weekend we visited a friend .
The effects of Title IX would be reduced .
She would not have been successful
Because they are frustrated .
Because they performed in front of millions of TV viewers .
You would have to take seroquel with the drugs to remove the unpleasant side - effects
Because automated long distance telephony services came along .
They had no trouble with the valet service
I know that if I am not there as he wakes up he will cry
Because it ca n't be done and because it 's stupid .
Because Robin felt no duty to do it herself except for the show .
I would have rather gone to school for advanced survival skills given I know so much about that by now
They work at Antara resort
I invited someone there .
I invited someone there .
The sport fiesta was too short so it ended really abruptly
Because a shooting game involves violence but do n't kill people
Being sought out means that other trust and recommend you , it is validation
He would mistake me for his parent .
Because the writer thinks the shoes will be very good .
Unemployment
Unemployment
She knows how go through motions
None of the above choices .
She consoles me and makes me feel better about myself .
I would neglect my abdominal muscles .
She would have to quit her job .
She would take the baby to work .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money .
None of the above choices .
I realized that I could use the scrap books for something that was home decor related and designed my own window in my home
Because they were n't scheduled to work at that time .
They are an officer
Air force
I was worried and concerned about the issues I was having with sorting out my travel itinerary
It would help me smell better because normally my breath stinks .
South Korea is a warzone and not safe to live in but I felt I had to do it to help someone .
I received fair compensation .
Because the writer bought them and never used them .
The teacher got mad when I was tardy .
He wanted free access to the net .
It got a new coat of color .
None of the above choices .
I watched the fashion show for a while while waiting for my friend to arrive
I could ride in a helicopter for the first time if I went to Tanjung Aru .
Because it was the morning .
They had great looks .
I will have to start walking places more .
I will have to start walking places more .
She , her husband , and the man must have lived in different houses for 30 years .
Because he agreed to show the writer around the old town .
Because they had a test
Because they were at the airport .
He is an ENT
Because the casino wants to entice people to join .
We want to fix the old flooring so it does n't peel up anymore .
Because it was winter and very cold .
Nathan asked if he could go to the wedding .
I must have attended a summer semester .
Because someone with authority likes their act .
None of the above choices .
The studies are more likely to render good and diverse results
Because Buffy licked her lip .
They wanted more people .
Because they had a brief interlude while in Brisbane .
The central stations are known for their delicious groceries and so people prioritize shopping there
Because he grinned like a cat who ate the canary
Because the writer had someone they really trusted .
Because they are captivated by a guy .
He was injured .
According to the narrator , anything can be worn to make a statement .
Because the writer believes people are interested .
Because of
Because the hotel is not owned by the owners .
None of the above choices .
Since I made the recipe up , I didn't know how to make fried chicken correctly .
She was watching someone overworking themselves .
I would have felt weird that I never left home at all .
Because it is in need of repair .
The role he was playing required him to look not as attractive
The character he was playing was much better looking than he
Sid Lucero was a good actor at some point but became worse as time went on
I liked the character in the story but felt that Sid Lucero did not play him well and was downplayed
I stopped exercising at the time .
I might both travel and cook at different altitudes .
Because fish is supposed to be soft .
Because they had already slept and didn't want to sleep more .
Because there was no phone call .
I wanted to commemorate an event .
Because they spent a while in their room .
Because the writer didn't know about it until the night before .
Because she had a white blood cell count .
Because she had three boys .
Because there was another explosion behind the writer .
It 's filled with traffic
It has no traffic .
A fragrant tree
I was looking out the window
I got loans ridiculously easy
The river could have flowed faster than we could row upstream .
She vomited .
Because they noticed that the woman and the writer were together .
Because they are happy to provide good service to their customers .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam .
Because maybe they 'll not get another egg .
We will have to
I might be tasked to learn from the program explanation class from now on .
Because they may have arrived at a selling price that 's too low .
Because some kids laughed at her
Because to the right of the keys are a selection of stones .
The person wanted to have companionship .
The puppy owner sets up chores for his daughter to take care of the puppy .
The puppy owner starts to housebreak the puppy .
I had to get two jobs and work constantly , so I am busy all the time .
None of the above choices .
Because the movie is awesome
Because I met him .
Because it soon was airborne .
Because they will see the year 12 's off .
I was staying in a Japanese school dormitory .
They do n't like Craig
They do n't like Craig
They would have caught that bus
The bus would have been full
They were tired of hiding their laugh .
They were in their 20 's and didn't care anymore .
She just would n't reply to me .
Because they were hungry .
Because they are part of a tight community
They are not a performer
One of the lamp shades cracked .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the pain never came back .
Because someone needed my help .
Heather had a tonsillectomy .
None of the above choices .
Because it was getting loud .
I was worried that my sickness would come up while I felt sick and unhealthy
We had to check our insurance information .
It was a rare album that I thought I would never find .
The accident fractured her tailbone .
She was lucky to come home last night .
Because Vince Vaughn walked in .
I might be a dentist .
It had high - quality products in high - quantities .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Laura helped me when I was going home .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because I was driving up 14th St.
Because the writer cried .
Because dedication and work ethic are admirable qualities .
The writer 's group needed to buy supplies
Because they found an ambassador .
Because I had to eat half the bag .
Because it was n't awkward .
A music tour
The person feels to be home .
The person felt to be home ?
The speaker is angry at the woman .
Because they were in the apartment .
We did not want to offend the chef by not finishing our meal
I wanted to save everything
He would drive by and honk or text
I wanted to ease my emotions .
Because OPAL uses ambient light rejection .
None of the above choices .
We would check out some of the people in the area .
It must have meant an OK deal as they have spent some time planning it .
They spend many hours at the gym
Tim finds Hectors behavior strange and does not want to meet more people like him ,
Hector displays troubling behavior and Tim does not want to meet people acting the same
Because the water heater might have been broken though good enough .
The narrator might believe the remodeling will lower the value of your home but the landscaping can lower it
None of the above choices .
She wanted to show me how much she loves her country .
They would have gotten cooking recipes
They would have gotten teased
Brian was in the hospital
The writer 's father is a doctor
He told a story that was unsettling .
Because they needed oxygen .
Because they did n't toast it properly
Those were the team colors .
It means that B and I are the dream team .
For chronic pain and depression
Because Neilsen ratings were at my doorstep today
Because it was recess .
More heat in her stifled room
I realized that I had played Second Life all evening .
It almost got hit in the traffic .
They wanted to go to walmart
They do not have children
I will continue to work until all the clinical work becomes second nature to me
Because they enjoyed hunting .
She smelled a firearm .
Because others might not accept the writer .
Because they 're sitting knee to knee .
She would have told me that I should continue to send her letters in the future
She would have thanked me for an honest letter and sent me a reply thanking me
I must be feeling ambivalent about it since it has the same pay for things I used to anyway .
he tends to inflate his own scores and is not as good as his ranking suggests
The fire department scared Tizzy .
It was excellent watching them upstairs and celebrating their win
Because the endless opportunities
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He did n't grade hard .
Richelle will love him for a short time .
They want to let Richelle know Mitch is a great guy .
They hope Richelle comes to her senses about him .
Richelle will love him for a short time .
I think that they were forward and unfair to ask to use the shower but I could not really politely say no
My work place might have a rule against coming into work under an illustration .
None of the above choices .
Because people around the world are looking forward to it
It would have added to my already heavy workload .
I was glad that we would finally get rain for the plants .
How to influence the law makers .
A most influential person in audiovisual industry .
A famous scholar who studied the rule of law
How complicated rule of law is
They might fall in love with you
Because I 'm happy for you .
Because there is something wrong with it mechanically .
She desired one but did n't want to deal with the price .
I would be unable to complete my project on time
I did not enjoy being alone because I wanted to cook and entertain and had no one to join me
Because the bill was dead in the water .
Because the farmer was wearing a red shirt
The person was the child of the speaker and watched the talk .
The person ignored the professor and walked away .
I would forget about them and carry on with my life
I 'm distressed that she 's moving out so soon
I may find a new roommate
I would get paid .
He liked to watch us while we worked out and he preferred that we looked slim and muscular
I took action , but I did n't do it right .
None of the above choices
The narrator went to bed
They would n't have missed their connection
They would have missed their connection
He realized the story was a bad idea .
That it is caused by the brain .
Thqat depression is not caused by the brain .
They will know that depression can be cured .
They will know that depression can be cured .
I spent too much money on food and large purchases .
Because the situation was n't awkward
She will see that I sent her a teacher appreciation email and expressed my gratitude for her
Because they wanted to send it back for warranty repairs
Because it 's common to see cockatoos flying freely because they 're kept as pets .
He passed away while writing .
Because my dad might not have been expecting a visit from anyone .
The store is closed on that day .
Mike and I would keep listening to music while moving my things into the old house .
Because someone had shrieks of joy .
Because it was on Marketplace .
I had to work overtime a lot over those days and that made time go slowly
Because she was out in a small boat .
They are celebrating that their dad is dead .
They want to praise the schools they went too .
They decided to move to another school district .
They decided to move to another school district .
He moved out for college .
She needed the rent money for bills .
It would be where her son lived .
It would become a dumping ground for clutter .
They would be upset that they can not reproduce
I might have gone to a makeup show and did n't enjoy the experience .
Because i gained satisfaction from the last 2 concerts .
Susanne thinking about living in Copenhagen .
I am thinking about living in Copenhagen .
Because people might be able to learn something from her
None of the above choices .
Because the writer was there every hour .
This person is preparing for a festival .
This person is mimicking the Japanese culture as a way to study it , they are not from there .
Because he really wants to get rid of the demo model .
The old laundry mat might be closed and I would have wasted my time .
Mom s place was hot .
It was difficult to get any privacy while there .
The place was too cheap and not fancy enough .
Because that was our best mode of transportation .
People wanted pictures for their Christmas cards
Because I slacked off A lot
The temperature fell to 20 degrees .
She lost her legs .
I just ca n't use a pencil anymore
I am a judgmental person if I looking so deeply at his hair .
We will be on the road for a long time .
Because of
The instant messagin app no longer works .
We would do nothing at the pier while we wait for the bus back to Cairns .
The more times a person remarries .
The more times a person remarries , the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage
He will have to continue until he has finished school
We had to become members of the country club to be allowed to dine there and use their facilities
I am prone to warm flashes because I am in bad health and my heartrate accelerates constantly throughout the day
He wanted to be with me but the feeling wasn't mutual .
This probably happened in Spring
Because they were trying to kill the intruder .
I stopped believing in God .
I lost my faith in God .
I do n't know any reliable ways to get on West Valley Highway .
It focused on limbs changing .
Because he was very upset about something .
To go to the related website .
To go to the related website .
His suicide attempt failed .
He is trying to make me feel guilty .
He was fired due to depression .
He was fired due to depression .
The rear or front wheels can then grip on the surface which is slowing the car down
Because he is artistic .
He turned soothed his back with some aloe vera lotion because of the hot water having burned his back
None of the above choices .
They do not enjoy learning about history
They are not proud of the video they made
The two groups would decided to operate mutually rather than fight
It might be concluded that I'm too old to go to concerts and have a roommate .
Because the second set of photos are family photos
He gave me a job at his photography studio .
Because she had to have the baby .
Because she thought it was dangerous if it was n't high enough
Because the final road block was demolished .
Because it would benefit many people .
Because the cancellation may have caught them off guard .
She was too loaded to give me an answer .
Because something is supposed to be over .
I fell when I bent to pick something up .
We were exposed to a lot of media featuring them .
Because that would literally kill the old world content .
I saw Bryan Adams on TV and it reminded me .
Because most children are being entertained .
We made a table for our intertwined bodies to lay on .
We intertwined our four bodies on top of a wood table .
We 'd play a special game where you declare who you favor
I got acid reflux from eating spicy food .
Gaining 4/10 of a pound
Experimental anime becomes better over time , Warp and Kaiba have improved .
The child is overwhelmed and seeking mom for comfort .
The child wants to hide from all the surroundings with a familiar person .
Because the writer used to wonder why people looked at her funny .
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
Because they were good friends with girls I know
Because they were good friends with girls I know
We might be playing some real hunt type of a game instead of a search hunt .
She felt pressured to do it because it was her boss .
She knew that she liked him too .
She will lose her job for good .
She will have to see him in the shower .
Because races are isolated events , and including others adds more isolation to it .
It charges on a per use basis .
This book might tell of angry stories about Marie Therese
None of the above choices .
They studied hard and made sure to pass their test .
Because it was time to let everybody know some exciting news .
I accidentally left the right earphone in a glass of water .
He made a snarky quip .
There was a spare set with someone else .
He makes inappropriate remarks .
He did not like our company and felt that we fussed over him too much
Because they have accepted some things that happened in the past .
Because the writer wrote about it .
She would feel nervous about the recorder .
The narrator might take a different way home
Because they thought it would be a fun thing to do .
Because the house is in Provo .
None of the above choices .
Its prices are steep .
I will try to recall the date I received a specific email to find the relevant email
It helps me get on the road again .
Because Jon tried to use force .
Because they regret the fight entirely .
They are a tattoo artist .
I might not have thanked Maria but did n't promise to pay back the favor
Because she sat with her peers .
I left it in my backpack where nothing happened to it .
Every room was smaller then the last .
Because they broke their kiss .
Because his father and mother got into fights .
I wanted to learn more about Palin .
I needed to take a month off .
I was experiencing discomfort .
None of the above choices .
Because downtown was really crowded .
A customer made a negative remark about women
They do n't value their customers
The narrator will take the tools to be sharpened .
He has lived in the ruins
Because the writer was due on April 17 .
They try to micromanage my boss .
The narrator would be impressed with their principals
Because my yoga pants might not be appropriate at work .
Because they left their home
Because they like the Pacific Northwest
None of the above choices .
Because this person may dazzle everyone with a great work of fiction .
I will drive home afterwards because I drank .
I took a photo of a daisy .
Because he is growing up .
They are moving into a new home
They are not moving into a new home
Carbon River Road would have more snow
The snow would all be melted
None of the above choices .
Evans off road area would have a lot of snow falling
I had an awful layover in Chicago for 8 hours .
Because Miranda poured searing coffee .
The writer
Because I might be dehydrated .
He was about to go in for a kiss .
He didn't like him all that much .
Jay and the
narrator forgot about his trip to NYC soon after .
The narrator avoided talking about his trip to NYC after .
Because all of the classrooms were closed .
Because the cat has been living in the bathroom .
Because they are Blaming Democracy .
None of the above choices .
We looked intimate .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the man was tied to the front booth .
I prefer avoiding doing the more practical course work
I saw an attractive car .
Because it 's free beer .
He would not be married to their mother
He would be in poor health
None of the above choices .
I need all the money I can save for my vacation .
I want to save all the money I can for shopping .
The narrator might be trying to describe an everyday scenario .
It was hard to develop an origin story for Ten .
Because I had to dress him under the fear of being half naked in front of people .
The base given up as a result of an error must count against the pitcher as an error .
I would have sought a job at a different school because I do not want to work with Valenciano
Char fell into the center of the pool and I knew I had to save him .
So that parents would be engaged in the film as well as they would likely be seeing it with their children
They felt it was too hot .
They felt it was too hot .
Because there was a technical hitch .
I would make sure that I continue to produce good work
They would have gotten sick
Because her hair remains perfectly coiffed .
I would have to polish silver .
The flowers would survive through the time that my parents were not there to care for them
Because it takes an Italian BB .
Because of their horse
I did not want to have to pay them for damage to their car and I did not see any damage
He might have sprawled because that 's the least common defense against take downs
Because the writer was writing in their livejournal .
Because he really likes to eat them .
Because the writer had to stop often
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Frank was excited about going on the boat and showed it through that kiss .
Because of it helped me realize it .
Because people were discussing politics .
The welcome ceremony would n't happen until 2 .
They were being summoned .
Because they were at Union Station for hotel departures .
My mom and my dad both lost the good head on their shoulders .
They like to get fondled on the train .
They were tired of being fondled .
They didn't want to give them the same oppurtunity as the ones on the train .
He nipped me on the leg .
Because they did n't go anywhere new .
Because today was a great day .
Because they enjoy watching the Olympics .
I used to know them when I worked in Tennessee .
He might reveal a difficult truth
The luggage carousel destroyed my bag .
I lost my luggage .
Because of his roundabout way of answering questions
None of the above choices .
She was forcing me to use my medication .
They went astray .
You realize that it is difficult to keep the faith and persist with your religion
Because SR asked the writer if there was a pool .
They airplane exploded and fell apart on the house .
The house shook and things fell off the shelves .
His team would struggle because though it is a team sport , individual contributions are crucial
We knew we could buy some Growlers there .
It was a bit overpriced
Because John is forgetful .
He might have gotten thirsty at night and was looking for water .
Because he gave it up .
They would be scared to let there children out to play alone
Because asking a personal question like that is common , unless we make it into a joke .
He must feel it 's so good it makes you want to kill yourself .
Because they had ice cream cake .
She knew that the cute kid would persuade people because people will do anything for a cute kid
I have to stay with him over the holidays but I dislike him and do n't know what to do
It made me depressed .
I misunderstood
The woman in charge of the balloons
They walked away from her
Duncan Lake was closed to traffic due to heavy snow .
He wants to know that I do not care about my ex and that I want to be with him not my ex
This finale might have been broadcasted from LA , CA .
I would fall into a deep sleep .
They lacked basic ingredients and ran out of many foods .
Because they are placed where the magazines used to be .
Flacco 's team might have relied on the passing game to score but the defense wasn't needed .
She wants her nails longer and hates that I make it hard for her to grow them
Because they met up with Ryan 's brother
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
The government asked him to stop by and create havok with them .
The government asked him to stop by and create havok with them .
They wanted them to be better doctors .
They want patients to get more involved in their own health .
Their blood pressure may get back under control .
They may be able to exercise more frequently .
Phillippe Petite has to perform to this day and it annoys him .
Phillippe Petite has to perform to this day and it annoys him , he is a grouch
Because they had to track Conrad down .
She went out of my life for twenty years .
They do not like the Chinese
I decided to take the dog home with me .
A manager that was interviewing me .
Back to the mountain .
To a different coffee shop .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because he thought that was the correct exit to take .
I was tired from entertaining people
I was tired from playing with my toys
The loving mood was only temporary
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I might view my personality as strange enough to be described by sensical images .
My offense felt funky .
Because they thought they would enjoy making it .
None of the above choices .
Because Kanji offered a bag .
Because the writer needed to wake up at a certain time .
I was abandoned by my friend who I loved .
Because JK is ready to break up with TO , and just need some space .
We understand that we are n't on the same frequency .
Because the most amazing thing happened earlier .
We collected mangos around the place .
We had paid for it .
None of the above choices .
They could not see the building across the street
Because the writer does n't expect them to be scared of it
I needed to showcase the new fall colors in clothing .
I would have been finished sooner and had more spare time to relax in the evening
Because I 'm interested .
Ryan and Erin went to the reception before they were married in a ceremony .
Ryan and Erin went to their friends ' reception before they went to the reception .
Because the writer has been popping over there now and again .
I will not get my period as regularly
I might have had enough money and might have been able to find the time .
We kids kept playing with the motor boat at night .
The dog down the road almost killed Max .
Because another swing is linked to the bus stop .
They would have dropped the ball
The mice would n't be active in there
Because I 've lost weight .
I want to be sure that I pay attention to my dreams because this one is recurring
Because Dawn and John might have tried to steal it .
Because they really meant to post .
Because bb 's are darker colored , but they will show worse against the white background .
I would feel a strong urge to bang something with my fist .
I would stop my friend from playing the air guitar at the concert .
They will be sad to leave school behind
Because she wanted to hear silence on the other end of the line .
They wanted to get some fuel in before beginning the main hike
Because the writer has time .
Because what I do n't like is the " hard sci fi "
They will buy another new guitar
The one group elected to have c - sections .
Because we've been having so much rain .
I was biased against Rome before we even landed in the country
I declined because I wanted to go watch a movie instead
Because Sue planted the seed .
Because no more Xbox Live .
Because they need a face balanced putter .
We wanted to explore gaps in the mountains
We wanted to find a cave
Because they took a 15 minute shower .
Our neighbors did n't want the trees in their yards .
Because they did not trust the product or the saleswoman .
They would have driven in Malaysia
They would have had hilarious experiences
I would not be able to afford it myself
I might sleep on the bed myself
We might have had to postpone the move depending on how bad it was .
Because they also downloaded cucusoft .
I will buy single pane fixed windows for the sunroom .
The person will not take diet pills
The narrator would have come over
The narrator would have taken the bus
None of the above choices .
Paul was very close to Paul .
Paul was silent in my dream .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
They do n't know me as well as my oldest does and the void is from not talking to my oldest
Because Lara died
The US will begin to see that Russia intends to protect Georgia and will respect them
She does n't share the same intense intense feelings with me .
I made her do it .
I might go shopping for liquor .
democrats attempted to rectify the issues with the economy and John McCain stopped them .
She was doing the walk - around and ran into me
He read the bible .
He might be the forensic tech on the case .
I continued to eat more cereal
I ate the cereal too quickly
He is a popular footballer and people were excited to meet him
Because Robert came to Brooklyn .
None of the above choices
They like walking around the mall
They only like certain types of art
They are old fashioned
Because he required payment for the flight we just took
A flight was cancelled
I had to leave for a meeting at work
I had to leave for a meeting at work
Because we both might be out of work but enjoy being outdoors affecting our job search .
He wanted to get a big tip and knew by being friendly we 'd be more likely to leave a nice tip
I keep spoons for knitting there .
They may take the phone off their plan
I thought that I should be considerate to my body and how I feel
Shay would kid around with me and never show up .
Because they are planning to build or paint something .
Because they are mostly women .
I went back to my job .
He wanted to remain there so no - one could find him .
Because HippyChick had lap band surgery .
Oxford 's Carling Academy has reliable equipment
We might have stayed in the parking lot and picked a club to dance and drink in .
She needed more time to get her hair fixed .
They are learning to ride a bike
Because a man approached the writer .
Because new teachers will learn mostly from experience .
I might stay with him and start new relationships with many people .
The party was a surprise party for my mother
None of the above choices .
the writer likes being in the DHS branch
He was telling me that his favorite motorcycle company is better than Harley Davidson .
He was telling me that his favorite motorcycle company is better than my favorite motorcycle company
Because it was over a month ago .
Because I thought I would enjoy it .
Because that was my idea for being organized .
Because they got organized a bit .
Because we are going to be apart for a while .
Because we are going to be apart for a while .
The battery cut off
She 's very silent and never speaks much .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
Richard will not arrive at their meeting place .
I went to the grocery store because I needed some other ingredients the farmers market did not have
The woman suffers from bipolar disorder .
The couple separate .
They thought some readers would find it useful
Because that 's a nice environment for getting writing done .
Because the writer was losing their hearing .
People would analyse their experiences deeply .
Because there was a whole tutorial .
She will revolt against him and will not follow his lead because she disagrees with him
The narrator got a haircut
She likes to keep me in the loop by leading me on
Because the writer 's brother sleeps on the couch .
A very special package
I will return the package to the sender
It uses a Moog synthesizer .
Because moms never eat warm food .
They do not believe in chiropractors
They do not believe in chiropractors
I needed to clear up the Lysine .
They would not feed the ducks cheese nips
They would not feed the ducks cheese nips
Because of
I must have reworked the thesis at least twice before .
I would get my medication .
He cultivated a cockney slur .
It 's far from Issaquah .
It does n't have many trees around it .
Because I have a loving family .
I can move on to more advanced mathematics .
Someone might describe Jeff to be stubborn and yet willing to engage others .
Because the writer is wearing armor .
Because Tuesday through Thursday never existed .
I am sick and want my boyfriend to cuddle .
I had something really important planned .
None of the above choices .
I gave those girls my business
Because they have some boys that are below the teenage years .
She feels grimy and would be unable to sleep feeling dirty , the shower will help clean her and help her sleep
I needed a snack while I was at Dick 's .
Because they haven't achieved as much as they could have .
Because his family has started a homestead .
A day down at the race track either racing or watching other cars race would be fun for all of us
We were trying very hard to find the sea snails .
She will want to stay in and read a book
The library didn't have a biography section .
None of the above choices .
I did some serious soul searching .
Because Bob Brady posted it .
None of the above choices .
Because it is too hot
I might be trying to accomplish being online more than an hour a day .
Because it would have been horrible in her office .
Because the writer was happy with the job his friend did .
My hours were increasing .
My hours were increasing .
Whenever we are at the shooting range together using our pistols
Because they need to relieve some stress .
I broke my promise to him .
They would continue to make me feel bad for not calling even though I apologized
I was angry at you for being selfish .
I was asked to do a competition with a friend .
Because I have been increasing knowledge about the poses but not the abilities .
I would enjoy the day off and feel fresh to carrying on studying tomorrow
The doubtful economy causes this result in humanity .
The writer .
There will be more changes to Picasa
Because nothing much around Bugis .
They knew exactly where their keys were
They knew exactly where their keys were
He had intended to present the audio to her later after editing it and had not had a chance to do so yet
I find that I really like Print100 and brag about them constantly
The narrator would need the help of a major studio
Because society deems it sensible .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the weather makes things extra difficult
The doctor was too sick to call .
A trip
She is obligated to be there
She finished travelling for school .
Because Krakow has more group tours .
The bat got into a closet .
Because Monday is the writer 's busiest day .
Because they hate me and want them to be not afraid of me .
I was annoyed that he had woken up and I had water in my hand and could n't resist so I poured it over him
I found a sweet deal with another provider .
Because the writer has been watching the news .
They did n't want to make people scared yet .
She got rid of all of the pictures we had of us .
I had a lot of money to spend .
None of the above choices .
Because all the powder was used .
Because someone truly wears glasses .
I got to go to Austin .
Because the writer knew something all along .
They avoided having a traffic accident .
They were only 16 and just learning .
They loved when their car was out of control .
The narrator went to the doctor
I did n't want to get stuck watching a cheesy TV show .
She is my best friend
I could n't sleep
I heard a sound outside
I might have been wondering when it was going to open so I can try them out
Because they did disable embedding .
None of the above choices .
The baby was awake because of the severe thunderstorm
The baby was so severe it actually kept me awake , not good considering I was already having a hard time sleeping due to the excruciating headache I 'd had since Saturday ( and still have ) and my babies that kept waking .
The storm was so severe it actually kept me awake , not good considering I was already having a hard time sleeping due to the excruciating headache I 'd had since Saturday ( and still have ) and my babies that kept waking .
The baby was awake .
We were marooned at sea because I had no clue what I was doing
Because they thought they would enjoy it .
He didn't want my mother in my life .
Because the court rules may reflect the legislature 's but does n't reflect the people 's views
I might not be expecting but not hoping it to be a financial success .
The news interested Timmy .
Because the writer is not one to debate their opinions .
I get upset when I spend money .
I get upset when I spend money .
None of the above choices .
The girl could n't get my photos for me .
They would no longer be aired every day on the nightly TV schedule .
None of the above choices .
The tire would need air .
The tire would need air .
She would tire is ok to drive .
She would think tires were all good to drive .
None of the above choices
she did not bother to think about her wedding at all and everyone loved it and she was happy because she saved money on it
Because that is unrealistic .
I decided that I was good enough at Spanish and did not need to practice anymore
Because he took him to places .
Because he went on Splash Mountain .
They really made a troll mad and it upset their stomach .
I was n't using the correct weed pulling form .
The Queen of Teen is going to select an author as her " successor . "
They got the kids ready for school .
Because school is going well .
Because I was loaded with anticipation .
Mom 's car died on the road .
They got ahold of their relatives to help but they said no .
The strangers blocked the road with their cars .
We lost track of time because of rainbow .
We lost track of time because of rainbow .
None of the above choices .
We are rusty jet boat riders
They has to move where there is no internet .
Two dogs ran into them and made them cry .
They hated moving to the new location .
They hated moving to the new location .
Flat tires must not happen often enough such that going 3 weeks without one is notable .
Because they have nothing better to do .
The McCain campaign resorts to just tactics .
He no longer talks to me and I feel lonely without him
The place would be transformed
Because they really wanted to go to Costa Mesa .
Because he was fighting in a war .
I did something divergent on that holiday .
I usually book late and those seats are the ones which are last to go and are available when I book
I would not have struggled with the color staining
None of the above choices .
They were testing to make sure I didn't have anything seriously wrong with me .
He wanted to go out with me as soon as possible because he likes me .
Because it kicked into life .
Because the 19 month old child was trapped in a room .
The dangerous smile might hide a real beneficence that means to do me justice .
I 've forgotten to pack in my computer on my trip and can not access one
Because more people purchased the wii than the xbox .
She was the pilot in a plane crash .
Because they were in the bathroom .
I had a class scheduled at that time
I stayed late at work .
Because it looks nice .
They serve beer .
Because they have n't yet learned what 's happened in the past 6 months .
Because they really enjoyed it there .
Salvaging ideas .
He could n't ditch his spouse and his child .
Because they found that to be interesting .
None of the above choices .
Because the route is 10 minutes by bike .
Because we renewed my library card .
They made a huge error and wanted to fix it .
I would have decided to join their cause simply because I had no real reason not to
Because the bus stopped .
Because the writer discovered a mural on the wall .
I had the urge not to ingest it .
I would have allergic reaction to gum .
I wanted to travel back there and check it out .
They have sustained an injury
He is unaware of how bad it is and likely does not realize that he smells
Because they needed to eat some food from a conveyor belt .
I cleaned a couple of much needed things from my room .
Because it was hard for the professor to get his point across
She and Tom wanted to do it together to celebrate how the bees buzzed .
Because they stumbled upon a shortcut to Nampa .
I am excited about bringing my camera .
I am disappointed with google images .
Because they are taking pictures on Thursday .
I would likely consider reading the book but eventually give up on it because the charactes are dull and repetitive and stop reading
The glasses were left on the table until the next day .
She strained her head
Apathy
The person feels toward the other ?
It didn't meet my expectations .
Because complaining about the problems relieves some pent up problems .
I might play tennis rarely enough to be good enough to win against another player .
None of the above choices .
The food is so unfamiliar to me that I prefer to the fast food which is more familiar and that makes me gain weight
Because the person is dead .
Brett Farve played badly against the Cardinals .
I simply needed to end the day .
I was frustrating some people .
She noticed something flying by her .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer knew they would be married .
Because the hotel served finger sandwiches .
Fred and Angelina attended a friends wedding
Miles and Alicia will continue their honeymoon
O'Neil recommended a wetsuit for kite surfing .
My roommate walking into my room unexpected .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer left their car at work .
The kids all went to the gym for an assembly
The kids all went to the gym for an assembly
Because she is pregnant .
I will post pics so she can see her progress
I will limit the amount of treats I give her .
She will realize that she 's no good at it and likely give up
I enjoy writing stories with characters who are simplistic
Because the dish has a lot of different ingredients .
I knew that I could change the result .
Because the amount of water she got from it was probably minimal
The files are compressed and low quality .
I wanted new screens and ended up getting a new computer too .
They would find that their drinks are cold but too strong
The feeling of nostalgia , the movie brings back memories .
They have a very bad memory and think it is new each time .
I had to reschedule the meeting because my time slot was taken up by someone else because I 'd forgotten my paper
Because they went to Hayrides and History .
His friends would n't encourage him to go to the show
She didn't belong in people 's houses .
Because they were exactly 30 minutes .
I might be planning to keep the bottle in my bathroom wherever I go .
Because I had dreams of great food .
Because they are really neat .
Because many women are uncomfortable with the shape of their bodies .
They will see that it was only the scarf that they really liked and the rest of her stuff is not as appealing
I might feel that my dog are I are worlds apart .
Because kids do things as hobbies .
Because the writer texted Amanda on Saturday .
The writer
They have cancer and are undergoing treatment .
I could n't find a cake for my birthday party .
Because Mike and Tracy had n't gotten any sleep .
Because their boy was back .
Because there were plenty of people .
Because there was a certificate awarding .
I would not have purchased weed
I would not be smoking weed
I refused to go out of the house so could n't get weed
None of the above choices .
Because they gave a lot of blood .
She expected the movers to take all day .
Because it allows me to examine her trust issue in a vague way .
Because it was a Saturday night .
They were acting their age in a young setting .
She wanted to see the basset hound .
Because it was locked down .
I kept getting worse .
Because of
I used to be prepared in barely an hour when I went on trips alone but with the family it takes less time because we are more people so I do n't see why people need 6 hours
Connor stole some string cheese that was vital to cooking the dinner .
Because they got rained on .
Because Jack got to go to the little shop for sweets .
The boxer will get a knock out .
Because they were introduced to it in 1998 .
I ate cookies for the first time
I would have thrown them out
I would have baked new ones
I will be so bored and lonely that I will seek out a roommate
This person chose to leave their job by choosing life .
This person was unhappy with late night closings and choose to have a life by quitting .
The new patch was reverted .
Because I just received an impact on my chest .
I got an advance warning about some bad stuff .
He was speaking too fast .
Because I walked toward the door .
Because they took two rounds of antibiotics .
I wanted my hair to be noticeable .
Because she had a disturbing dream .
They were a tall lean couple .
Because the writer made a post about it .
Anna and I were able to close off the neighborhood dock and have it to ourselves
Because my sister had to call Kew Gardens .
They would n't rediscover their clothes
I might find some time in the weekdays to get less sleep so my cold gets worse .
The bus ride was long and he was tired
I was having a music making session
I was planning to work out
I was tough
I was not on time
Because they were at the Marriott .
Because they were visiting Diet Blog
we flew International to attend a funeral
They will have grandpas burial
We were able to finish painting several murals that a local school teacher and her students had started .
Cabrera didn't make it to third .
It might be because the teachers were not well trained or I was n't prepared .
I found that I could handle the issue better if added more devotion .
Because I am getting straight A 's this fall
I could see all of the factors at play .
