None of the above choices .
He wants the girl he is going to marry get in trouble .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He likely fell on the sidewalk and hit his head while intoxicated
He was angry
Because it was 10 minutes before the start of school .
I was meditating and felt serenity .
It allows me to be
None of the above choices .
Indpendent
She makes informed decisions
My throat is infected
None of the above choices .
Baby E is excited to have his photo taken no matter the time .
Baby E has a personality
None of the above choices .
They 've never been picky about mouse pads
Because the writer wrote RTD an e
She wanted the Cinderella costume for Christmas .
None of the above choices .
Those groups wanted to make me happy by giving me more complete compliments
I am taking a sabbatical .
I lost my vacation days .
Because we discovered a bottle of Mrs. Meyer 's geranium liquid hand soap .
More females would have the opportunity to become athletes
She would not have been successful
Because they are frustrated .
Because they are a popular and talented singer .
You would experience unpleasant side - effects .
Because it was the beginning of a change
They had no trouble with the valet service
None
Just because it can be done but because it 's fun .
Because Robin felt the responsibility and duty to do it herself .
None of the above choices .
They are on vacation
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
The sport fiesta was too short so it ended really abruptly
Because a shooting game involves fun and killing people .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer thinks the shoes will be very good .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
She knows how to go through motions
I am a myspace addict .
She stalks me and honestly it is kind of weird .
None of the above choices .
She would leave the baby alone at home .
She would leave the baby alone at home .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money .
Because she was taking care of sick people
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because it 's their first entry in their online super duper secret private public journal .
They are angry
None
I was irritated by my boss 's happiness and giddiness
It would help me talk to him about life and what happened .
None of the above choices
I received fair compensation .
Because they are daring the writer to find a use for them
The teacher was tardy .
He had free access to the net .
It was my new house .
None of the above choices .
I hit on a few of the models and designers because they were attractive
I wanted to get images with a focus on Tanjung Aru .
Because he returns home Friday .
They had great looks .
A strange rich guy wants to see me .
i am losing too much weight .
She , her husband , and the man must have lived in different houses for 30 years .
Because he agreed to show the writer around the old town .
Because of our little planet
Because they had an eventful ride .
None
Because it 's Casino night .
We want a floor that won't look disgusting because it peels up .
Because they kept walking from back door to front door .
He could make it fun .
I must have attended a fall semester
Because someone with authority likes their act .
None of the above choices .
The women will be competitive making the study more interesting
Because the woman was wise and lovable .
They wanted more people .
Because they are experiencing the effects of reducing smoking
Many people stop by the central station during their commutes and tend to look for places to buy things so they 're popular spots for that
Because he grinned like a cat who ate the canary
Because the writer had someone they really trusted .
Because they are captivated by a guy .
He likes me .
None of the items allowed to make a statement .
Because they could hear water slosh around .
None of the above choices .
Because he suggested looking it up on the internet .
Since I made the recipe up , I did n't know how to make waffles correctly .
Since I made the recipe up , I did n't know how to make fried chicken correctly .
She was angry .
Still pleased and touched to have such hurtful friends .
Because they were sweating in the desert heat .
The character he was playing was much better looking than
The character he was playing was much better looking than he
Sid Lucero was a good actor at some point but became worse as time went on
Sid Lucero was a good actor at some point but became worse as time went on
Something was wrong wit the scale .
I might both travel and cook at different altitudes .
Because the fish had Mediterranean stuffing
Because they went online .
Because there was no mail .
It was being made for an event .
Because the ball just started a short time before .
Because the seats were located in the centre .
Because she had stomach pains .
Because she loves chocolate .
Because they heard laughter .
It 's filled with traffic .
It s safe to drive on it as there has been no accidents .
A stained glass window
I was looking out the window
The work there was simple .
The river could have flowed faster than we could row upstream .
She pooped .
Because they are interested in her .
Because the place was absolutely gorgeous .
It was Mother 's Day and they wanted to treat her .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam
Because they ca n't obtain the breed they want .
We will have a smaller thing and save money instead , like getting married at town hall
None of the above choices .
Because the writer got little things done today .
Because she is transitioning
Because the writer returned a rosary .
The person wanted to have companionship .
The puppy owner goes to buy puppy food for the puppy .
The puppy owner is angry .
I started college classes and got a part time job .
None of the above choices .
Because the movie is awesome
Because he 's sporty .
Because it soon was airborne .
Because she is interested in him .
I was staying in a college dormitory .
They do n't like Craig
They are able to quit
The bus would have been full
The bus would have been full
They want to jump a mile high .
They love old ladies and are n't afraid to show it .
She just would n't reply to me .
Because the writer feels natural with the roommate .
Because they are part of a tight community .
They are a performer
None of the above choices .
They enjoy spending money on Sundays .
It was hosted to stimulate brain - stretching conversation .
Because the pain never came back .
Because someone needed my help .
Heather had a tonsillectomy
Heather had a tonsillectomy .
Because someone said they do n't want to see the other person again .
I ended up having a fair bit of fun
None of the above choices .
It was a rare album that I thought I would never find .
Coming home , she felt like visiting the doctor .
She was lucky to come home last night .
Because they had some somewhat funny side entertainment .
I might be a movie star .
It had the best food in Kalispell .
Sarah and John might have been being followed by a friend .
Heck might stop believing the dirty tricks theory , and the belief might get weaker .
Laura is outgoing and explored more than I did .
They are not
The narrator returned to the water glass
Because I was going about 60 km / hr .
Because the writer curled up next to him .
Because dedication and work ethic are admirable qualities .
They enjoy speaking Pashto
Because they found an ambassador .
Because I 'm trying to lose weight .
Because it was n't awkward .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
The speaker is pleased with the woman .
Because they were in the apartment .
We really enjoy the sensation and the tears and numbing effect and even though we have those effects we really love the meal
My phone did break .
None of the above choices .
I wanted to ease my emotions .
Because the company has some new TV 's .
It might be because she does have time to kill doing other things .
None of the above choices .
It must have meant a great deal as they have spent 4 week planning it .
They spend many hours at the gym
Tim is angry to expand cultural horizons and likes to meet people from South America .
Tim is eager to expand cultural horizons and likes to meet people from South America .
Because the water heater might have been good enough .
The narrator might believe the remodeling can raise the value of your home while the landscaping wo n't .
I might not have had a time slot open for him to get a massage for my birthday
She was trying to make me chuckle and she succeeded
They would have gotten cooking recipes
They would have gotten teased
Justin was injured at school
There was a carbon deposit on the CD
He told a story that was unsettling .
Because they were out of shape .
I might try and get different things at Subway .
These are the colors that represent our family .
It signifies how alive I feel thankfully .
None of the above choices .
Because Neilsen ratings were at my doorstep today
Because it was recess .
None of the above choices .
I was growing attached to someone .
It almost got hit in the traffic .
None of the above choices .
They are angry
None of the above choices .
Because they enjoyed hunting .
She smelled a firearm .
Because others might not accept the writer .
Because they 're sitting knee to knee .
None
None
I must be feeling sorry about it since it has more pay for things I used to anyway .
None
She was n't happy with the Jolly Train Station toy .
I thought they played well and I was happy because it was my birthday
because the endless opportunities
None of the above choices .
He can recognize a good student .
He did n't grade hard .
He will fall in love with her easily .
They love Mitch . It 's a term of endearment .
They love Mitch . It 's a term of endearment .
Richelle will love him for a short time .
I am happy to clean the shower myself because he is a good friend
None of the above choices .
I wanted to get some merch for my favorite shows .
Because people around the world are looking forward to it
I 'm so good at English that I wo n't need math at all .
I was glad that we would finally get rain for the plants .
The fact I am fascinated by rule of law
A most influential person in audiovisual industry
A most influential person in audiovisual industry .
None of the above choices .
They might fall in love with you
Because I 'm just kidding .
Because I coasted for half a mile
None of the above choices .
None
I was bored and being alone meant I stayed bored
Because the bill was dead in the water .
She is in a pleasant environment
The person was the child of the speaker and watched the talk .
The person ignored the professor and walked away .
I would persist and find ways to make them fall in love with me
I 'm excited that she 's moving out soon
None of the above choices .
I would get paid .
None of the above choices .
I took action , but I didn't do it right .
The time might not pass as fast
The narrator wrote a blog post
They would n't have missed their connection
They would have slept well
He was trying to become her friend again .
None of the above choices .
That they are not weak of lazy , but ill .
They will know that depression can be cured .
They will know that depression can be cured .
I bought a lot of food and extra , much needed things in Ikea .
Because the writer realized how cool Will is
She will see that I sent her a teacher appreciation email and expressed my gratitude for her
Because all of their equipment failed at the same time .
Because it s rare to see cockatoos flying freely because they 're kept as pets .
He killed himself .
Because my dad might have been expecting a visit from someone .
It 's campus day on Sundays .
Mike and I would keep listening .
Because someone had shrieks of joy .
Because it was in New York City
None of the above choices .
Because she was able to explain what happened to her .
They are celebrating a 20 year anniversary .
They are celebrating his birthday .
None of the above choices .
They decided to move to another school district
He moved out for college .
The stairs were falling in .
It would be where her son lived .
It would be sacrilegious .
They would be more relaxed and more comfortable in any environment they are in
I might have gone to a standup comedy show and did enjoy the experience .
Because I ca nt feel the satisfaction .
I am planning on moving to Copenhagen .
Susanne is planning on moving to Copenhagen
Because she leaves up to her readers the when where and how of it all .
That is the way forward .
Because they will want for love or nurture .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because he does n't want to pack and unpack machines
None of the above choices .
None
The place was odd and I was always home alone .
The place was angry and I was always alone .
Because we had a nice visit .
People wanted pictures for their Christmas cards
Because it 's extremely easy
It cooled down .
She had a devastating illness .
None
I 'm a good person that does n't say bad things about people .
We are visiting lots of hard to please people .
To run several hundred miles in Detroit metro area .
None of the above choices .
The children would relax .
None of life 's questionable event have answers .
Some people find explanations in the book , The Purpose Driven Life by Rick Warren .
He will look forward to his next dance that will happen
None of the above choices .
None
He loved being pushed by me over and over .
This probably happened in Winter
Because people were getting on the ground .
I continued believing in God .
I lost my faith in God .
I want to get back to my house faster after I finish my job for the day .
It is currently in the game .
Because he was very upset about something .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He misses me when he leaves .
He is trying to make me feel guilty .
He was fired due to depression .
He is recovering from back problem .
None of the above choices .
Because he is artistic .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
They are proud of the video they made
They are not proud of the video they made
The mujahedin would win the war because of their superior stores and reserves
It might be concluded that I 'm young enough to go to concerts and have a roommate
Because he is a great friend of Brian 's .
He had a unique approach to art .
Because she likes box wine .
Because she had a great morning .
Because the final road block was demolished .
Because it would benefit many people .
Because the writer likes Ark of Truth .
She was n't interested in me .
Because the writer likes Luke very much .
A guest 's clothes were torn .
We were exposed to a lot of media featuring them .
Because that 's a nice thing to do
None of the above choices .
Because most children are being entertained .
We made a table out of our four intertwined bodies
We intertwined our four bodies on top of a wood table .
None of the above choices .
I was pregnant .
Holding themselves accountable .
Experimental anime becomes better over time , Warp and Kaiba have improved .
The flower girl is at a wedding , an exciting event , the child is overwhelmed and seeking mom for comfort .
Temperamental children are often trying
Because she 'd go into work to see him .
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
I hung out with some guys I 'm good friends with
Because they were good friends with girls I know
Because they were good friends with girls I know
None of the above choices .
She was already in love with him .
She knew that she liked him too .
She will be able to work even harder for him .
She will get a big promotion at work .
Because races are isolated events , and including others add more social aspects to it .
It charges on a per use basis .
This book might tell of cheerful stories about Marie Therese
I 've been eating junk food .
They studied hard and made sure to pass their test .
Because it was time to
None
Lavender made a snarky quip at him .
I hit the door and I got into the apartment .
He makes inappropriate remarks .
None of the above choices .
Because their vacation was so much fun .
Because the writer and Sars enjoy each other 's company .
She would be cordial .
The narrator was angry
Because they thought it would be a fun thing to do .
Because they go well with the peaches .
They are interested in marine biology
Its prices are steep .
None
It was such a restful weekend that everyone was in bed by 1.30 on Saturday night .
Because they wanted to own it .
Because they regret the fight entirely .
They have dial up internet .
I might have thanked Maria and promised to pay back the favor .
Because she sat with her peers .
I left it in my pocket where nothing happened to it .
I typically find myself with that emotion .
Because his lips curled into a smile .
Because he is second oldest to his sister .
The eldest son is going to Iraq .
I was n't getting enough rest .
I was experiencing discomfort .
I printed a new one for PB1 as well .
Because downtown was really crowded .
None of the above choices .
They do n't value their customers
The narrator will take the tools to be sharpened .
He has exhausted all options
Because he was only 16 .
They are easy to deal with and talk to .
The narrator would be impressed with their principals
Because I found my yoga pants .
Because they left their home
Because they like the Pacific Northwest
I like bloody murders .
Because the writer enjoys the videos .
I will have a good rest of the night but might not remember much .
They censor pornographic pictures .
Because he is growing up .
They are moving into
They are moving in with Thad
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
There would be more snow on the trial
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because she had a difficult task ahead of her .
The writer
Because they notified my dad of what happened .
He was about to go in for
He wanted to move forward with a relationship .
Jay and the narrator took a train
The narrator forgot about his trip to NYC soon after .
The narrator avoided talking about his trip to NYC soon after .
Because they saw a bust of someone standing in the middle .
Because the cat has been living in the bathroom .
Because they are Blaming Democracy .
I did n't have anything on .
We looked intimate .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices
Because the man was tied to the front booth .
None of the above choices .
I saw an attractive car .
Because it 's free beer .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I might be visiting an area what is popular among Americans as well as Asians .
I want to save all the money I can for shopping .
I want to save all the money I can for my vacation .
The narrator might be trying to describe a highly probable scenario .
It was hard to develop the character named Hartnell .
Because I had to dress him under the fear of being half naked in front of people .
The base given up as a result of an error must count against the pitcher as an error
None of the above choices .
Char fell into the center of the pool and I knew I had to save him .
None of the above choices .
They felt angry .
They enjoyed the nice weather and felt lively .
Because the writer found out what Scientology is today
I am not near as undesirable as I was thinking for awhile there .
They would have gotten sick
Because her hair is still perfectly coiffed .
None of the above choices .
The flowers would continue to prosper even if they were not cared for
Because it takes an English BB .
To eat chocolate cake
None of the above choices .
He might have sprawled because that s the most common defense against take downs .
Because the writer was writing in their livejournal .
Because he really likes to eat them .
Because the writer fanned themselves madly
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Frank was excited about going on the boat and showed it through that kiss .
Talking to him on the phone and getting the worse from the chaos because of it helped me realize it .
Because the writer 's first reaction was to smile .
The welcome ceremony would n't happen until 2 .
They were being summoned .
Because they were at Union Station for hotel departures
My father 's life improved greatly and was no longer miserable .
They like to get fondled on the train .
They were tired of being fondled .
They wanted to be fondled by someone on the otherside .
He nipped me on the leg .
Because they did n't worry about going to class .
Because today was a great day .
Because her place looked incredible .
I knew their kid .
He 's sick of her nag
The luggage carousel destroyed my bag .
The luggage carousel destroyed my bag .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
She was forcing me to use my medication .
They went astray .
None of the above choices .
Because the girls were in for a treat .
The whole house shook but was fine .
They wanted to see the event happening .
The team would still be able to win because positions at the back are less important
None of the above choices .
It was a bit angry .
Because he hoped it was n't too soon .
He might have gotten thirsty in day time and was looking for water .
Because they enjoyed their company .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He must feel it s so bad it makes you want to kill someone .
Because they had ice cream cake .
She made everyone feel guilty because cute kids should get whatever they want
I want to break up with him but there are all these holidays we have to get through
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
She harassed the boys
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
This finale might have been broadcasted from Denver , CO .
I would fall into a deep sleep .
The restaurant lacked my favorite dip , au jus .
Because they are placed where the magazines used to be .
Flacco 's team might have relied on the passing game to score and the defense to win the game .
She wants her nails longer and hates that I make it hard for her to grow them
Because they met up with Ryan 's brother .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
Throwing a party on the television .
The government asked him to stop by and create havok with them .
They had been busted for conspiring against the govenment .
They want patients to start taking care of themselves and not go to
They want patients to get more involved in their own health .
Their weight will go up since they will eat more .
They may be able to exercise more frequently .
Phillippe Petite has to perform to this day and it annoys him .
None of the above choices .
Because they did better than they expected to .
She went out of my life for twenty years .
They speak Chinese
I decided to take the dog home with me
It was simply a great great day
Back to the mountain .
Back to the mountain .
None of the above choices .
Things were progressing .
Because they thought that was the correct exit to take .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
They wo n't see each other tomorrow
None of the above choices .
I was preparing for Faye 's birthday .
I might view my personality as normal enough to be described by sensical images .
I had trouble going on defense .
Because they thought they would enjoy making it .
None of the above choices
Because Kanji had a meager dinner .
Because the writer was expecting to hear some mewing .
I was betrayed by my significant other who I loved .
Because JK is ready to break up with TO , and just need some space
My sister and I both like the cold .
Because the most amazing thing happened earlier .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I might feel that the meetings at work are a good use of time .
They could see the building across the street
Because the writer does n't expect them to be scared of it .
I want to make art out of
I would have been finished sooner and had more spare time to relax in the evening
Because I 'm interested .
Ryan and Erin went to the reception before they were married in a ceremony
Ryan and Erin went to their friends ' reception after they went to the wedding .
Because Pickle naps every single day .
I will get my period once a month
None of the above choices .
We farted often with a loudness .
None of the above choices .
Because another swing is linked to the bus stop .
They would have posted sooner
The mice would be active in there
Because I 've lost weight .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they just started writing .
Because bb 's are lighter colored , but they will show better against the white background .
I would freely move and cheer .
I would free sing along to the melodies .
They will be sad to leave school behind
Because it 's good to wear for playing Scattergories Junior
They were hungry because it was almost lunch time
Because the writer has time .
Because what I do n
They do n't like guitar
The one group elected to have c - sections .
Because we enjoy taking walks .
None
I decided to take it and worked that night because they pay was very good
Because Jon wanted to do something nice for me .
Because it was great to have the Xbox anywhere in the house
Because they need a face balanced putter .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they went back to Juan 's .
None of the above choices .
Because they did enjoy it .
They would have had fun
They would have had hilarious experiences
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
It would have been a smoother trip in the weather had been different .
Because they are having a hard time converting videos .
None
The person will start taking diet pills
The narrator would have come over
The narrator would have come over
Paul looked like a dreamer to me .
Paul looked like a dreamer to me .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
None of the above choices .
Because Lara died .
None of the above choices .
I do n't want to hang out with her as much .
She was n't in love with me .
I might go shopping for groceries .
The democrats ruined it .
She was doing the walk - around and ran into me .
He is too powerful .
He might be the angry
I continued to eat more cereal
None of the above choices .
He is a popular footballer and people were excited to meet him
Because Robert came to Brooklyn .
They like My Little Ponies
They like walking around the mall
They are creative and artistic
They are angry
None of the above choices .
They are irrational people .
I started my weight loss diet .
I started my weight loss diet .
Because we both might be out of work but enjoy being outdoors affecting our job search .
He wanted to get a big tip and knew by being friendly we 'd be more likely to leave a nice tip
I keep my linens there .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer will check and see if lunchbox is there .
Because they are mostly women .
I went back to my job .
Someone was trying to kill his bodyguards .
Because they think other people will be interested in that .
None
None of the above choices .
She needed a recommendation for a new hair style .
They are learning to do something new
Because people are clinging onto something .
Because throwing bricks is a lot of trial and error .
I might break up with him and start a new relationship .
The party was a surprise party for my mother
Having goals that seem impossible and scary .
The writer likes being in the DHS branch
He was telling me that Moto Guzzi motorcycles are better than Harley Davidson motorcycles .
He was telling me that his favorite motorcycle company is better than my favorite motorcycle company .
Because it was over a month ago .
Because I thought I would enjoy it .
Because we 'll see how long they keep it working .
Because the hotel is quite well situated .
It just makes sense to feel this .
It makes sense to feel this .
None of the above choices .
She 's very silent and never speaks much .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
She will get the redemption that she is looking for .
None
The woman does n't like her job .
The couple separate .
Last Friday they wore their 5.5 glasses .
Because my sister and I are young adults .
Because the writer has cochlear implants .
Interactions between others would become something different .
Because they were proud of themselves for understanding the poems .
She will listen to Lucius even though she does n't support him
The narrator got a wig
She likes to keep me in the loop by leading me on
Because the dog does n't chew stuff up .
A very special package
I will throw away the box the package came in
It sounds delightfully normal .
Because I was spinning my wheels .
They are having back problems
They are angry
It makes me feel refreshed in the morning .
They would run around the path
They would be out of shape
It has a deep history .
Supernatural Day ! !
None of the above choices .
He had a cockney slur .
It has all the space you 'll need .
It 's angry .
Because it makes the separation from loved ones so much easier .
I will go forward to Algebra I.
Someone might describe Jeff to be stubborn and unwilling to engage others .
Because there are cracks .
Because it was now Friday .
My boyfriend does n't reciprocate my efforts .
I had something really important planned .
Quiet and unassuming
Those girls lost business
Because the boys are both feeling better .
She wants to shower because she wants to be alone
I needed a snack .
Because the writer has been brave and they are brave .
Because his family has started a homestead .
Inviting them over to look at our race cars would be interesting for them
None of the above choices .
She will want to stay in
I knew of a better place to go .
It might be concluded that I 'm white as white girls typically point out others being white
Many physical and emotional things happened to me .
Because Bob Brady posted it .
They wanted to promote variety in employees .
because by August you are desperate
I might be trying to accomplish being online more than an hour a day .
Because it was unjustified .
Because there was n't much traffic being driven to the site .
My hours were increasing .
My hours were increasing .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer and the other driver are fine .
I broke my promise to him .
None of the above choices .
I was grumpy from loosing weight .
I was grumpy from loosing weight .
Because I have been increasing knowledge about the poses but not the abilities .
I would enjoy the day off and feel fresh to carrying on studying tomorrow
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because nothing much around Bugis .
They knew exactly where their keys were
They felt foolish right now
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because society deems it sensible .
They were getting a little too friendly i think
I will be exhausted from picking up the keys .
because the anger is gone
The doctor had high blood pressure .
A trip
She likes it
She finished travelling .
Because there were a lot of interesting people to watch .
None of the above choices .
Because Monday is the writer 's busiest day .
Because I hate myself but they want me to be afraid of them .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because the writer has been watching the weather .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I found some attire that I would enjoy .
Because the table was free .
Because someone truly wears glasses .
I decided to start running more .
Because he likes her a lot .
They avoided having a traffic accident .
They were only 16 and just learning .
They loved when their car was out of control .
The narrator had a new baby
It was the second idea I had if I couldn't go to the other event .
She is my best friend
None of the above choices .
I wanted to see the sun set
None of the above choices .
Because this YouTube video is pretty good quality .
I might be influenced by small things like interesting settings and stories about the movie .
None of the above choices .
Go back to sleep after feeding the baby an aspirin .
Go back to sleep after feeding the baby an aspirin .
None of the above choices .
We sailed steadily into the english channel .
Because they thought they would enjoy it .
He did n't want my mother in my life .
Because the court rules may reflect the legislature 's and thus the people 's views
I might be expecting and hoping it to be a financial success .
The news interested Timmy .
Because the writer is not one to post their opinions .
I get excited by bargain hunting .
I get upset when I spend money .
This kid 's section might be located in a library .
The girl could n't get my photos for me .
I was planning to watch them for 14 days
One of them started dating an animal .
Likely think I was yelling at her .
Her tire would be flat .
She would tire is ok to drive .
She would tire is ok to drive .
None of the above choices .
She did not bother
Because the characters are interesting .
None
Because Lestat is generous .
Because he was enjoying them .
They really made a troll mad and it upset their stomach .
The weeds were a lot bigger than I thought they were
The Queen of Teen is going to select an author as her " successor .
They got the kids ready for school .
Because school is going well .
Because I marveled over the architecture .
The little Vauxhall Corsa was being towed
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
One guy towed them out of the street .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
We are trip advisers .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Two dogs ran into them and made them drop their iphone .
They hated moving to the new location .
They hated moving to the new location .
It 's done .
None of the above choices .
The McCain campaign resorts to just tactics .
He no longer talks to me and I feel lonely without him
The place would be transformed
Because they really wanted to go to Costa Mesa .
Because he was fighting in a war .
I finally had a valentine .
I like being able to get up if I need to without disrupting the event and still being close enough to see the speaker at the front
None of the above choices .
People will be kind and rewind .
They were testing to make sure I did n't have anything seriously wrong with me .
He wanted to go out with me as soon as possible because he likes me .
Because it kicked into life .
Because the 19 month old child was trapped in a room .
The dangerous smile might hide a real malice that means to do me good .
None of the above choices .
Because metal gear solid and guitar hero on tour topped the game sales charts .
She needs to know that people are worried for her .
Because he likes her .
None of the above choices .
I stayed late at work .
Because it looks nice .
They serve beer .
Because they have n't yet learned what 's happened in the past 6 months .
Because they really enjoyed it there .
To do something fun .
My father was upset because my mom only cared about me .
Because the women had big elephant feet .
I must be referring to a paper page but not a web page .
Because the route is 10 minutes by bike .
Because she did her homework .
They wanted us to stop asking for a refund .
I would decided to join the cause regardless because I believe in what is right
Because the bus stopped .
Because they enjoy each other 's company .
I had the urge not to ingest it .
None of the above choices .
It would be their last chance to view it .
They were disappointed in Alicia
His girlfriend likes the way he smells and she does not want to change it because she likes it
Because they like each other .
I cleaned a couple
Because I know a lot about computers
She and Tom wanted to do it together to celebrate how the bees buzzing .
Because they stumbled upon a shortcut to Nampa
I am excited to have had this experience .
I am excited about bringing my camera .
Because they are taking pictures on Thursday .
I would likely finish the book regardless because it was a gift
They were left on the table until the next day .
She was rejected
Captivation
Apathy
It met my expectations .
Because complaining about the problems relieves some pent up emotions .
I might play tennis often enough to be good enough to win against another player
i might have gotten drunk and sat up on the top of it
None of the above choices .
Because the person is angry .
Brett Farve played badly against the Cardinals .
I simply needed to end the day .
I simply needed to end the day .
She noticed something flying by her .
I seem to ignore overeating and seem to emphasize the non - impact of dairy product .
I just did n't care about it .
Because it was a month ago .
Because the hotel served finger sandwiches .
Fred and Angelina attended a friends wedding
They may dance until morning
I was going to do some watersports .
A fan fic with a slightly creepy tone
I am pleased that it 's in one isolated place
Because they are n't scheduled to work .
The kids all went to the gym for an assembly
The kids all went to the gym for an assembly
Because labour pains are intense .
I will post pics so she can see her progress .
I will post pics so she can see her progress .
She will develop great skills at it and it will be fun to spend time knitting with her
I enjoy writing stories with characters who are simplistic
Because the rice was cooked ahead of time .
I was being dishonest throughout it .
Because the sippy cup did not leak .
There were probably a hundreds or more photos recorded .
None
They would experience drinks which are cold while still being full flavored and intense
With each viewing they see new hidden details .
It is a favorite musical film .
None of the above choices .
Because they went to Hayrides and History .
His friends would n't encourage him to go the show
The writer agrees with him .
Because they were exactly 30 minutes .
I might be planning to carry the bottle wherever I go in my bag .
Because I had dreams of beautiful scenery .
Because friends have used them at Christmas .
Because summer is looming around the corner .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because school is not an unpleasant task .
Because the writer texted Amanda on Saturday .
The rest of the group
They are really sick but will probably be fine .
I was n't allowed to celebrate with
Because they had a great spot to dive from .
Because their boy was back .
Because there were plenty of people .
Because there was a certificate awarding .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I had no weed to smoke
Because they gave a lot of blood .
She is waiting to move into the apartment .
None of the above choices .
Because it was a Saturday night .
They were acting their age in a young setting .
She wanted to see John .
Because it was amidst the strangeness .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He was angry .
Because they got rained on .
Because the writer had to have another .
They will clench their hunger .
Because they enjoy chatting with people online .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I would have baked biscuits
I will learn to deal with the responsibilities and manage my own requirements all on my own which will be great for me as an adult .
This person choose to leave their job by choosing life .
This person did not quit , the made a sacrifice to their bosses for extra appreciation .
There was a new patch .
Because my friend is Kendra .
I cheer myself up after watching Sweeney Todd .
He was speaking too fast .
Because I walked toward the door .
Because they took two rounds of antibiotics .
I wanted to differ my hair style from the one my friend Xev had .
Because she had a disturbing dream .
They were a tall lean couple .
Because the writer made a post about it .
I got to hang out with a good friend .
Because Kew offered such a good service
They would n't see Mr. Gus
I might find some time in the weekend to get more sleep so my cold gets worse .
He probably wanted to have a nap to pass the time
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I was tough
I was tough
Because they were at the Marriott .
Because they were visiting Diet Blog
We made plans to attend grandfathers funeral
They will have grandpas burial
It was a reminder for him as to why he quit and how far she had come since that last cigarette
None of the above choices .
It might be because the teachers were well trained and I was prepared .
I found that I could handle the issue better if added more devotion .
Because I am getting straight A 's this fall .
It had unseen factors at play .
