He wants to get married to a different person .
He knows that he will be committing polygamy .
None of the above choices .
Medical personnel would come to help the old man
He likely fell on the sidewalk and hit his head while intoxicated
He was waiting on a ride
Because Little Miss was 25 minutes late for school .
I started thinking about the six billion people in the world .
It allows me to be able to brag to other people about him .
None of the above choices .
Liberal
She makes informed decisions
My throat is infected .
None of the above choices .
Baby E is excited to have is his photo taken no matter the time .
Baby E has a personality
You need to keep your insurance provider on their toes .
They 've never been picky about mouse pads
Because he does need any special equipment to move around .
Amelia specifically wanted to undermine her mom .
None of the above choices .
Those groups cared more about their members than other groups
I lost my vacation days .
I lost my vacation days .
Because we do n't normally get excited about mundane things like hand soap .
Young women would have the opportunity to become athletes .
They would be writing a story about it
Because they have to work at their own pace .
Because they performed in front of billions of TV viewers .
You would have to take seroquel with the drugs to remove the unpleasant side - effects .
None of the above choices .
They are pleased with the valet service
He likes me to be there when he wakes up so I need to go be there
Just because it ca n't be done but because it 's fun .
Because Robin felt the responsibility and duty to do it herself .
I would have rather gone to school focused on creative arts and liberal arts
They work at Antara resort
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
The kids enjoy quiet time there .
The sport fiesta was too short so it ended really abruptly
Because a shooting game involves violence and killing people .
This person charges a fee every time they recommend a show .
He would recognize me as his parent .
Because the shoes felt fantastic .
Drug addiction
Psychiatric issues
She knows how go through motions
I am a myspace addict .
She consoles me and makes me feel better about myself .
I would neglect my abdominal muscles .
She would leave the baby alone at home .
She would take the baby to work .
Because she was paid a huge amount of money .
Because she was taking care of sick people .
The sun assists in warming the paint so it is easy to apply
I realized that I could use the scrap books for something that was home decor related and designed my own window in my home
Because it 's their first entry in their online super duper secret private public journal .
They are an officer
Air force
I was worried and concerned about the issues I was having with sorting out my travel itinerary
It would help me smell better because normally my breath stinks .
I have never been to South Korea so moving there and living there for a year was crazy .
Confusing shit makes me happy .
Because they are daring the writer to find a use for them .
None of these choices .
My ex - roommate was a computer whiz .
It was my new house .
None of the above choices .
I hit on a few of the models and designers because they were attractive
I wanted to get images with a birds - eye view .
None of these choices .
They had great looks .
I will have to start walking places more .
i am losing too much weight .
She , her husband , and the man must have lived in different houses for 30 years
Because he agreed to show me around the old town .
Because of our little planet
Because the writer lives in Haifa .
He has to have a well - balanced diet in order to be healthy .
Because the casino wants to entice people to join .
We want a floor that
Because it was winter and very cold .
None of the above choices .
I must have attended a fall semester
Because someone with authority likes their act .
I am a recovering alcoholic and sometimes I " cheat " with an illicit drug .
The women will be competitive making the study more interesting
Because the woman was wise and lovable .
They wanted more people .
Because they are experiencing the effects of reducing smoking .
The central stations are known for their delicious groceries and so people prioritize shopping there
Because he grinned like a cat who ate the canary
Because she is about to give birth .
Because that will make their minds sharper .
He was injured .
Jackets and Pants are the only things allowed .
None of the above choices .
None of these choices .
None of the above choices .
I am on drugs .
I am on drugs .
She was watching someone overworking themselves .
I would n't have the longing for these people like I do now .
Because they were sweating in the desert heat .
The character he was playing was much better looking than he
The character he was playing was much better looking than he
I felt that Sid Lucero was a surprisingly good actor and was really impressed
Sid Lucero 's acting and good looks had a positive impact on me
I messed up my diet .
I might both travel and cook at different altitudes .
Because fish is supposed to be soft .
None of the above choices .
Because I am responsible .
I wanted to commemorate an event .
Because they wanted to wear costumes for the cosplay ball .
Because the seats were located in the centre .
Because she had a white blood cell count .
Because she loves chocolate .
Because there was another explosion behind the writer .
It 's filled with traffic .
It 's safe to drive on it as there has been no accidents .
Love is a
I am an avid golfer
I was mentally prepared .
The river could not have flowed faster than we could row upstream .
She pooped .
Because they are interested in her .
Because they are happy to provide good service to their customers .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
They wanted to go watch people at the Market .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam .
They went to New Brunswick to eat with Sam .
Because they ca n't obtain the breed they want .
We will have to postpone getting married until we can afford
I might be tasked to learn from the program explanation class from now on .
Because they may have arrived at a selling price that 's too low .
because she is transitioning
So that certain people can find the keys outside .
The person wanted to have companionship .
The puppy owner sets up chores for his daughter to take care of the puppy .
The puppy owner sets up chores for his daughter to take care of the puppy .
I started college and have a lot of homework , so I am busy and tired .
I would have convinced my parents to get wifi
They may enjoy a quieter movie experience
Because he 's really into cycling .
Because they thought it would be a fun thing to do .
Because she is interested in him .
I was staying in a Japanese school dormitory .
They are not a fan of Spirited Away
They are a fan of manga
They would n't have caught that bus
They would n't have caught that bus
They love old ladies and are n't afraid to show it .
They love old ladies and are n't afraid to show it .
She may have been busy with school work .
None of the above choices .
Because they are part of a tight community .
They are a performer
None of the above choices .
They enjoy spending money on Sundays .
It was hosted to stimulate brain - stretching conversation .
Because that type of pain is normal for the first few months .
Because we have very little room for games consoles .
Heather had a tonsillectomy .
My wife had a tonsillectomy .
Because someone does n't want to ever see the other person again .
I was worried that I would have to socialize
We needed to complete some paperwork .
The Monkees no longer make music so it was interesting .
It is possible the accident fractured her tailbone .
She was lucky to come home last night .
Because Vince Vaughn walked in .
I might be a movie star .
It had the best food in Kalispell .
Sarah and John might have been being chased by a villain , but they had defensive weapons .
Heck might continue to believe the dirty tricks theory , and the belief might get stronger .
Laura is outgoing and explored more than
They are over the age of two
The narrator had to get different scrap cotton
Because I was near Kensington Road .
None of the above choices
Because dedication and work ethic are admirable qualities .
They like the driver 's smile
Because no character represented Sony 's hardware
Because I 'm trying to lose weight .
Because Ticky did n't mind .
A promotional tour
Nervous
Nervous
The speaker is pleased with the woman .
Because they are addicted to smoking ?
We really enjoy the sensation and the tears and numbing effect and even though we have those effects we really love the meal
My phone could break .
He would smile and joke with them
My life is hard .
Because the company has some new TV 's .
It might be because she does have better things to do .
We would interact with people of the arts .
It must have meant a great deal as they have spent 4 week planning it .
They spend many hours at the gym
Tim is eager to expand cultural horizons and likes to meet people from South America .
Tim is eager to expand cultural horizons and likes to meet people from South America .
Because the water heater might have been good enough .
The narrator might believe the remodeling can raise the value of your home while the landscaping wo n't .
I might not have had a time slot open for him to get a massage for his birthday .
She wanted to show me how much she loves her country .
They would have gotten cooking recipes
They would have gotten teased
Brian was in the hospital
Doctors are extremely intelligent
He was unsettling .
None of the above choices .
I might try and get different things at Subway .
None of the above choices .
It means that B and I are the dream team .
For chronic pain and depression
Because I do n't pay for cable tv
None of these choices .
None of the above choices .
I was growing attached to someone .
It had no home .
They do not have children
They do not have children
I will continue to work until all the clinical work becomes second nature to me
Because they enjoyed hunting .
None of the above choices .
None of these choices .
None of the above choices .
She would have told me that I should continue to send her letters in the future
She would listen to what I had to say and try to change the way she behaves
I must be feeling great about it since it has more hours and pay for things I used to anyway .
He thinks that he is better than he actually is
Her limbs were forced into a tight space .
I thought it was riveting and it kept me awake throughout
because the endless opportunities
I would think it 's gross , but still nice .
He can recognize a good student .
He can recognize a bad student .
He will fall in love with her easily .
He falls in love easily and for short periods of time .
They love Mitch . It 's a term of endearment .
Richelle will love him for a short time .
I am happy to clean the shower myself because he is a good friend
My work place might have a rule against coming into work under an illustration .
I wanted to get some merch for my favorite shows .
Because people around the world are looking forward to it
I 'm so good at English that I wo n't need math at all .
I was happy to play outside in the rain and cool air .
The fact I am fascinated by rule of law
A most influential person in audiovisual industry .
A business person who ruled in audiovisual industry
How complicated rule of law is .
They might fall in love with you
Because I 'm happy for you .
Because there is something wrong with it mechanically .
My mom 's netbook broke .
I would simply finish the project with regular paint
I did not enjoy being alone because I wanted to cook and entertain and had no one to join me
Because he opposes it .
She is in a pleasant environment
The person was the child of the speaker and watched the talk .
None of the above choices .
I would forget about them and carry on with my life
I 'm distressed that she 's moving out so soon
I may find a new roommate
It would n't be a cake walk
He wanted us to maintain the proper posture for the exercise that we were taking on and doing
I took action , but I did n't do it right .
The time might not pass as fast
The narrator conked out
They would n't have missed their connection
They would have slept well
He was trying to become her friend again .
That it is caused by the brain .
That they are not weak of lazy , but ill .
They will know that depression can be cured .
They will know that depression can be cured .
I spent too much money on food and large purchases .
Because Will taught her .
She will be bombarded with work during the holidays and that will disappoint her
Because all of their equipment failed at the same time .
Because it 's common to see cockatoo
He was killed by someone else .
Because my dad might not have been expecting a visit from someone .
It 's campus day on Sundays .
Mike and I would get all of my things moved in to the old house and organized .
None of the above choices .
Because they were broadcasting from outside Lehmann Bros.
I am excited about abnd camp and moving and whenever excited the days leading up to an exciting event take forever to go by
Because she was out in a small boat .
They are celebrating a 20 year anniversary .
They are celebrating his birthday .
They decided to move to another school district .
Their dad died twenty years adgo .
My mom advertised my old , big room for rent , and last week , a decent ( NT) couple moved in .
My mom advertised my old , big room for rent , and last week , a decent ( NT) couple moved in .
It would give her a place for her son to sleep .
It would give her a place for her son to sleep .
They would be more relaxed and more comfortable in any environment they are in
I might have gone to a standup comedy show and did n't enjoy the experience .
Because i gained satisfaction from the last 2 concerts .
Susanne thinking about living in Copenhagen .
I am thinking about living in Copenhagen .
Because people might be able
That is the way forward .
Because they will want for love or nurture .
This person is preparing for
This person is preparing for a festival , in Japan , by creating authentic costumes .
He 's trying to give the buyers incentive so that a sale can be made .
None of the above choices .
My area where the game was held was hot .
The place was too cheap and not fancy enough .
The place was odd and I was always home alone .
Because that was our best mode of transportation .
People often get part time jobs around Christmas
Because it 's extremely easy
It cooled down to 20 degrees .
She had a devastating illness .
I just ca n't use a pencil anymore .
I am a hair stylist that knows when something needs to be done .
We are visiting lots of hard to please people .
To rekindle friendships with old friends in person .
None of these choices .
We would play around there .
The more times a person remarries , the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
The more times a person remarries , the more likely that are to find meaning in marriage .
He will look forward to his next dance that will happen
We had to become members of the country club to be allowed to dine there and use their facilities
I am prone to warm flashes because I am in bad health and my heartrate accelerates constantly throughout the day
He loved being pushed by me over and over .
This probably happened in Winter
Because people were getting on the ground .
I continued believing in God .
I lost my faith in God .
I do n't know any reliable ways to get on West Valley Highway .
It focused on limbs changing .
Because he was very upset about something .
None of the above choices .
None of these choices .
He is trying to get attention .
He is trying to make me feel guilty .
He was fired due to depression .
He is recovering from back problem .
The car is able to build up momentum to scale a hill or mud or some surface which is slowing the car down
Because Iowa has quite a few creative types .
He turned soothed his back with some aloe vera lotion because of the hot water having burned his back
I might have been expecting something but something else must have happened .
They do not enjoy learning about history
They are not proud of the video they made
The two groups would decided to operate mutually rather than fight
It might be concluded that I
None of the above choices .
He had a unique approach to art .
Because she likes box wine .
Because she had a great morning .
Because the final road block was demolished .
Because everything is a paradise for computer users .
Because the writer likes Stargate .
She does n't go out with guys from parties .
Because something is supposed to be over .
None of the above choices .
We were exposed to a lot of media that promoted TTC .
Because that would literally kill the old world content .
I was confronted with my age when realizing I have two children .
Because most children are being entertained .
We intertwined our four bodies on top of a wood table .
We made a table out of wood for our intertwined bodies .
We 'd play a special game where you declare who you favor .
I got acid reflux from eating spicy food .
Holding themselves accountable .
Experimental anime becomes better over time , Warp and Kaiba have improved .
The flower girl is at a wedding , an exciting event , the child is overwhelmed and seeking mom for comfort .
Temperamental children are often trying to have fun buy misbehaving .
Because she had a car and he did n't .
They are all very attractive and SO nice !
I hang out with some attractive , nice guys
Because they were good friends with girls I know
Because they were good friends with girls I know
We might be playing some real hunt type of a game instead of a search hunt .
She was already in love with him .
She knew that she liked him too .
She will get a big promotion at work .
She will be able to work even harder for him .
Because races are social events , and including others adds more social aspects to it .
Sound Bite Communications uses an automated voice for their customers when they call them .
This book might tell of cheerful stories about Marie Therese
Some of the prescription drugs I use cause it .
Selling drugs in order to pay for school .
None of the above choices .
I think they pick up distortions when the iPod is on the window sill .
None of the above choices .
There was a spare set with someone else .
He makes inappropriate remarks .
birds tend to want to be in nature and not locked up with people , he likely had to go off to find his family or to try and get back in the air
Because their vacation was so much fun .
None of the above choices .
She would talk about her race horse .
The narrator might take a different way home
Because the actor can do a Russian accent .
Because the house is in Provo .
They are interested in marine biology
Its prices are steep .
I will go back and try to sort the emails into different folders with their specific subjects for future archival purposes
It helps me get on the road again .
None of the above choices .
Because they regret the fight entirely .
They are a tattoo artist .
I might have thanked Maria and promised to pay back the favor .
Because zebras eat grass .
I left it in my backpack where nothing happened to it .
I typically find myself with that emotion when I look at a theatre .
Because their faces were an inch apart .
Because his father and mother got into fights .
The eldest son is going to Iraq .
I was n't getting enough rest .
I was experiencing discomfort .
The brightness levels were low .
None of the above choices .
A customer made a sexist remark about men
They do n't value their customers
The narrator will take the tools to be sharpened .
He has studied Mayan history
None of the above choices .
They are easy to deal with and talk to .
The narrator would learn a lot
Because I found my yoga pants .
Because they left their home
Because they like the Pacific Northwest
I like to sing in musicals .
Because this person may dazzle everyone with a great work of fiction .
I will go to rehab for being an alcoholic .
They 're pornographic pictures .
Because he is growing up .
They are moving into a new home
They are moving in with Thad
We would hike through a lot of snow
None of the above choices .
We would hike through a lot of snow
None of the above choices .
My flights took an entire day .
Because she had a difficult task ahead of her .
Harry Potter
Because I might be dehydrated .
None of the above choices .
He wanted to move forward with a relationship .
Jay and the narrator took a train to NYC
The Narrator made a scrapbook of pictures of NYC .
The narrator uploaded pictures of NYC .
None of the above choices .
Because they thought it would be a nice addition to their life .
Because they are Blaming Democracy .
I had nothing to hold up my breasts .
None of the above choices .
in a live music bar
in a concert hall
None of the above choices .
I prefer doing courses which are theoretical
I saw an attractive car .
Because it 's free beer .
He would still be married to their mother
He would be married to their mother
I might be visiting an area what is popular among Americans as well as Europeans .
I need all the money I can save for my vacation .
I want to save all the money I can for my vacation .
The narrator might be trying to describe an everyday scenario .
It was hard to develop the character named Hartnell .
Because he had to dress himself under the joy of being half naked in front of people .
None of these choices .
I would have felt awful but used the feedback to improve my lessons
I realized that Char 's light steps scared me .
So that parents would be engaged in the film as well as they would likely be seeing it with their children
They felt happy .
They enjoyed the nice weather and felt lively .
Because the writer found
I am not near as undesirable as I was thinking for awhile there .
They would have gotten sick
Because her hair is still perfectly coiffed .
I would n't be able to get anything done that day .
The Flowers would continue to prosper even if they were not cared for
Because I thought that would be a good product for me .
To eat M&Ms
They would have done the same thing if the roles were reversed
He might have sprawled because that 's the most common defense against the back mount .
None of the above choices .
Because he really likes to eat them .
Because other people were doing it as well
I carry a blanket everywhere with me .
I carry a blanket everywhere with me .
Frank was excited about going on the boat and showed it through that kiss .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Our meals would be delayed .
They were under too many sheets .
Because they are going on vacation there .
My dad 's life improved greatly and was no longer miserable .
They like to get fondled on the train .
They were tired of being fondled .
They did n't want the women to see them being fondled by someone on the train .
None of the above choices .
Because they did n't worry about going to class .
Because today was a great day .
Because they enjoy watching the Olympics .
I used to know them when I worked in Tennessee .
He might reveal a difficult truth
My transportation never arrived .
My transportation never arrived .
People will buy into his philosophy and want to emulate his way of thinking
People will begin to love his roundabout way of answering questions
She was forcing me to use my medication .
They went astray and struck that place .
You can make it through any struggle and that things will get better
None of the above choices .
They think an earthquake happened .
They wanted to see the event happening .
The team would still be able to win because positions at the back are less important
We wanted to ride a boat on it .
It was a vintage melody .
Because John is forgetful .
He might have gotten thirsty in day time and was looking for water .
Because their friends knew they were together .
People would be scared to let there children out to play alone
Because asking a personal question like that is rude , unless we make it into a joke .
He must feel it 's so good it makes you want to kill yourself .
None of the above choices .
She knew people were more likely to feel sorry for a cute kid and give him money so she used that
I have to stay with him over the holidays but I dislike him and do n't know what to do
My doctor told me to quit that job .
Open - minded
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
He wants to find ways to be mad at me because he prefers being mad at me over being happy with me
This finale might have been broadcasted from LA , CA .
I would enjoy some of my company with my animals .
They had too many basic seasonings and dips , but nothing fancy .
Because they are good quality .
Flacco 's team might have relied on the running game to score and the defense to win the game .
She wants to have pretty , womanly nails and feels that when I cut them I prevent her from having her nails done well
Because they like to drink alcohol .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
They were conspiring to pay their taxes to the government .
To stop them from creating havok
The government asked him to stop by and create havok with them .
They want patients to start taking care of themselves and not go to a doctor .
They want patients to get more involved in their own health .
They will require more blood pressure medication .
They will require more blood pressure medication .
Phillippe Petite has many friends that are hilarious , so he is also funny
Phillippe Petite is French , the French have no sense of humor .
Because they did better than they expected to .
She went out of my life for twenty years .
They are watching the Olympics
I decided to take the dog home with me .
It was simply a great great day .
It was simply a great great day .
It was simply a great great day .
Watt might be an Asian fusion restaurant .
Things were progressing .
Because he thought that was the correct exit to take .
I was tired from entertaining people
I was bored and had nothing else to do
The loving mood was only temporary
Citibank will eventually close the account .
I was preparing for Faye 's birthday .
I might view my personality as normal enough to be described by sensical images .
I had trouble going on offense .
Because they thought they would enjoy making it .
He has grown up angry and cold and even though he loves me
Because the food tastes very bad .
Because big cats are playing rough with a kitten .
I was betrayed by my significant other who I loved .
Because JK is ready to break up with TO .
We both like the cold .
Because the most amazing thing happened earlier .
We collected mangos around the place .
None of the above choices .
I might feel that the meetings at work are a good use of time .
They could see the building across the street
Because this is n't a fat manifesto .
I need to showcase the new fall colors in clothing .
I would have been finished sooner and had more spare time to relax in the evening
Because I am lost once again .
Ryan and Erin 's wedding ceremony was held in an church before the reception .
None of these choices .
Because Pickle naps every single day .
I will get my period once a month
I might have had financial issues or might not have been able to find the time .
We kids kept playing with the motor boat at night .
None of the above choices .
Because the kids enjoy playing on it .
They would have gone across the country
The mice would be active in there
Because I 've lost weight .
I want to be sure that I pay attention to my dreams because this one is recurring
Peanut is a term sometimes used
Because they really meant to post .
Because bb 's are darker colored , but they will show better against the white background .
I would freely sing along to the melodys .
I would freely sing along to the melodies .
They will be sad to leave school behind
Because it 's good to wear for playing
They were hungry because it was almost lunch time
Because they are thinking about a difficult subject matter .
Because what I do
They want to play the guitar
The one group elected to have c - sections .
Because we enjoy taking walks .
I prefer countries and cities which are more modern and contemporary rather than older and classical
I decided to take it and worked that night because they pay was very good
None of the above choices .
Because it was great to have the Xbox anywhere in the house .
Because they need a face balanced putter .
We wanted to explore gaps in the mountains
We wanted to find a cave
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Because they did enjoy it .
They would have had hilarious experiences
They would have had hilarious experiences
I would not be able to afford it myself
All of my pet dogs will share the bed as best they can
It would have been a smoother trip in the weather had been different .
Because registration costs money .
I will make sure it does n't rain too hard .
The person will start taking diet pills
The narrator would have come over
The narrator would have come over
Paul was silent in front of me .
I was very close to Paul .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
Paul passed away in my dream so vividly .
Every child is unique and brings something different
Because Lara passed on June 12 .
Russia will assert itself over the region and the US will respect that decision
She does n't share the same intense intense feelings with me .
She was n't in love with me .
I might go shopping for groceries .
George W. Bush
She was doing the walk - around and ran into me .
He is trustworthy .
None of the above choices .
I paid attention to how I was doing and tried to see if I could breathe better
I may have had an allergic reaction
He is a popular footballer and people were excited to meet him
None of these choices .
They like My Little Ponies
They like walking around the mall
They like using different tools
They like using different tools
The trade union issues required visas to be displayed .
They are arational people .
I started my weight loss diet .
I started my weight loss diet .
Because we both might work jobs that involve being indoors affecting our productivity .
He wanted to be friendly and welcoming to us and did his best to do so to leave a good impression
I keep my linens there .
They might make the friend give back the phone
I thought that I should be considerate to my body and how I feel
He would kid around with me and never show up .
Because they are planning to build or paint something .
Because they have serious psychological issues .
None of the above choices .
Someone was trying to kill him .
Because HippyChick had lap band surgery .
Oxford 's Carling Academy has reliable equipment , so the sound quality was amazing .
We might have stayed in the parking lot and picked a club to dance and drink in .
She needed a recommendation for a new hair style .
They are learning to ride a bike
Because people are clinging onto something .
Because new teachers will learn mostly from experience .
I might break up with him and start a new relationship .
The party was a surprise party for my mother
Having goals that seem impossible and scary .
The writer likes being in the DHS branch
He was telling me that any motorcycle company is better than my favorite motorcycle company .
He was telling me that Moto Guzzi motorcycles are better than Harley Davidson motorcycles .
None of these choices .
Because life could n't get much sweeter .
Because that was my idea for being organized .
Because they got organized a bit .
This is what happens when you feel a heartbeat .
Because we are going to be apart for a while .
None of the above choices .
My sister really does n't like men like Oi Yin .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
They saw each other many years for redemption .
She will get the redemption that she is looking for .
I went home and cooked off all the produce I had purchase for lunch
The woman suffers from bipolar disorder .
The couple sit down and talk to each other .
They are making material progress .
Because my sister and I are young adults .
Because the writer has cochlear implants .
Interactions between others would become something different .
Because they were proud of themselves for understanding the poems .
She will revolt against him and will not follow his lead because she disagrees with him
The narrator donated their hair
She likes to keep me in
Because the dog does n't know any better .
A very special package
I will repackage the box
It sounds delightfully normal .
Because moms never eat warm food .
They do not believe in chiropractors
They are not having back problems
It makes me feel refreshed in the morning .
They would run around the path
They would be really in shape because I would run around this path .
It has a deep history .
I must have reworked the thesis at least thrice before
I would get my medication .
He cultivated a cockney slur .
It has all the space you 'll need .
It does n't have all the space you 'll need .
Because I have a loving family .
I can move on to more advanced mathematics .
Someone might describe Jeff to be stubborn and yet willing to engage others .
Because there are cracks .
Because the days went by very fast and they barely remember them .
My boyfriend does n't reciprocate my efforts .
I had something really important planned .
Self - centered and vulnerable
I gave those girls my business
Because the boys are both feeling better .
She feels grimy and would be unable to sleep feeling dirty , the shower will help clean her and help her sleep
I knew I was going to have a late breakfast .
Because they have n't achieved as much as they could have .
Because his family has started a homestead .
A day down at the race track either racing or watching other cars race would be fun for all of us
We are looking for food to eat and the algae is looking tasty !
She will want to stay in and read a book
None of the above choices .
It might be concluded that I 'm white as white girls typically point out others being white .
Many physical and emotional things happened to me .
Because gender is so important .
They wanted to promote variety in employees .
because it is too hot
I might be trying to accomplish being online more than an hour a day .
Because it was all I could do to stay composed while teaching .
Because there was n't much traffic being driven to the site .
My hours were increasing .
My hours were increasing .
When we go hunting together and are trying to hunt some animals where we need to be quiet and careful
Because they need to relieve some stress .
None of the above choices .
They would continue to make me feel bad for not calling even though I apologized
I was angry at you for being selfish .
I was grumpy from loosing weight .
Because I have been increasing my abilities but not knowledge about the poses .
I would enjoy the day off and feel fresh to carrying on studying tomorrow
The undue costs will be what drive down the economy .
A car .
There will be more changes to Google photos
Because they do n't have a lot of money .
They feel forgetful right now
They feel foolish right now
He had low self confidence and thought that his rendition was of poor quality and did n't want her to say that it was of poor quality
I find that I really like Print100 and brag about them constantly
truly changing the course of business
Because society deems it sensible .
None of the above choices .
I will be exhausted from packing and moving .
because we 're trying out different products
The doctor had high blood pressure .
A one night stand
She likes it
None of the above choices .
Because there were a lot of interesting people to watch .
Bats stick in closets because the become entangled in clothes .
Because Medieval Europe was really interesting .
Because I hate me and want them to be afraid of me .
I was annoyed that he had woken up and I had water in my hand and could n't resist so I poured it over him (D) I wanted to shock him awake so I used water to do so knowing that water is totally harmless
None of these choices .
Everyone in the Chicago area doing ok ?
It 's an adaptation of multiple books .
I did n't like her so that 's why my father did it .
I had a lot of money to spend .
I found some attire that I would enjoy .
None of the above choices .
Because someone truly wears glasses .
I decided to start running more .
Because he likes her a lot .
They avoided having a traffic accident .
They loved when their car was out of control .
They loved when their car was out of control .
The narrator had a new baby
It was the first idea I had when my friend wanted to make plans for an event .
She is my mother
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I might have been wondering how it was going to open so I can critique them .
Because this YouTube video is pretty good quality .
I might be influenced by things like interesting settings and stories about the movie .
None of these choices .
None of the above choices .
Take an aspirin to ease the pain .
None of the above choices .
We sailed steadily into the english channel , I had enough experience to keep us on course
Because they thought they would enjoy it .
My mother was n't present in my life .
Because the court rules may reflect
I might be expecting but not hoping it to be a financial success .
The news interested Timmy .
None of the above choices .
I get excited by bargain hunting .
I get agitated by bargain hunting .
This kid 's section might be located in a McDonald 's .
I had to get some pictures and there was a big line .
They would no longer be aired every day on the nightly TV schedule .
One of them is an animal .
Her tire would be flat .
Her tire would be flat .
She would tire is ok to drive .
She would think tires were all good to drive .
I might be an avid fan of nonfictions and documentaries .
Many brides tend to stress and worry
Because the characters are interesting .
I decided that I was good enough at Spanish and did not need to practice anymore
Because Lestat is generous .
Because he went on the big kid rides .
They really made a troll mad and it upset their stomach .
I am just exaggerating what actually happened to me .
There is a heated competition that they all want to win .
They got the kids ready for school .
Because I 've been very busy lately and need to unwind .
None of the above choices .
Mom 's car died on the road .
They were n't able to find the pigeon .
They got ahold of their relatives to help but they said no .
We lost track of time because of rainbow .
We lost track of time because of rainbow .
We like outdoor adventures .
We like to spend time in nature .
They has to move where there is no internet .
None of these choices .
They hated moving to the new location .
They hated moving to the new location .
Flat tires must happen often enough such that going 3 weeks without one is notable .
To entertain the faculty .
This narrator might feel
He does n't think I am fun anymore and spends his time with his friends
The place would be transformed
Because they want the script to be used in a film or play
Because it 's the world of child welfare .
I finally had a valentine .
I like being able to get up if I need to without disrupting the event and still being close enough to see the speaker at the front
I would have easily been able to correct my issue by removing the color staining
People will be kind and rewind .
I had been breathing abnormally and the doctor 's noticed .
He already had plans with another girl on saturday and did n't want to miss it .
Because it kicked into life .
Because the 19 month old child was trapped in a room .
The dangerous smile might hide a real beneficence that means to do me justice .
I am traveling at the moment for an event and do n't have access to a computer where I am
Because metal gear solid and guitar hero on tour topped the game sales charts
She needs to know that people are worried for her .
Because he likes her .
My intro to international relations class was cancelled
I was exhausted after getting other things done .
Because it looks nice .
They make profit when customers order it .
Because it only does harm to herself and does n't do any good .
Because they really enjoyed it there .
None of the above choices .
My father was upset because my mom only cared about me .
Because they found that to be interesting .
I must be referring to a web page but not a paper page .
Because the route is 10 minutes by bike .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
I would not have decided to join the cause for change and would have seen their actions as less heroic
Because there was a bloodcurdling scream
Because they enjoy each other 's company .
I am trying to loose weight by counting calories .
I am trying to eat healthier .
My family was immigrating there .
They have n't sustained an injury
He does not care that the smell is offensive to other people
Because they like each other .
I cleaned a couple of much needed things from my room .
Because I know a lot about computers
I did it because I made a promise with my friend .
Because they have n't had much experience on them .
I am excited to have had this experience .
I am excited about bringing my camera .
Because it represents her in some way .
I would offer the book to someone else who might enjoy something more predictable
They were handled incorrectly at the party .
She hurt herself
Captivation
Apathy
It did n't have cod in it .
Because complaining about the problems relieves some pent up problems .
I might play tennis often enough to be good enough to win against another player
I might have gotten drunk and passed out next to it .
The food there is rich and tasty and it is difficult to curb one 's eating habits so I ended up overeating a lot and gaining weight
Because the person is a God
Brett Farve played badly against the Cardinals .
I was frustrating some people .
I was frustrating some people .
She noticed something flying by her .
I seem to ignore overeating yet seem to blame the non - impact of dairy product .
I just did n't care about the fuss around Michael Phelps .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Mile and Alicia were married
Fred and Angelina will begin their new life together
I was going to do some watersports .
Some music that had screeching violins .
I am happy that it 's in one isolated place
None of the above choices .
None of the kids in school would be aware what happened
The kids all went to the gym for an assembly
Because she is going to have labour pains .
I will extract weight off of her surgically .
I will limit the amount of treats I give her .
She will develop great skills at it and it will be fun to spend time knitting with her
I enjoy writing stories with characters who are simplistic
Because the dish has a lot of different ingredients .
I was being dishonest throughout it .
Because young children enjoy chewing on things .
None of the above choices .
My other PC permanently crashed .
They would find that the drinks are too intense and sweet
They have a very bad memory and think it is new each time .
It is the only film available in the musical category .
None of the above choices .
Because two girls from their TE class were their tour guides .
None of the above choices .
Because he believes she deserves to die .
Because they were exactly 30 minutes .
I might be planning to carry the bottle wherever I go in my bathroom .
Because I had dreams of great food .
Because they are really neat .
Because summer is looming around the corner .
They will see that she can only produce good scarves and not much else
I might feel that my dog are I are worlds apart .
Because I 'm not accustomed to that lifestyle .
Because they have dealt with the issue of Amanda .
None of the above choices .
They have cancer and are undergoing treatment .
I was n't allowed to celebrate with a party .
Because they needed extra attention to become more comfortable with diving .
Because they were very impressed with the artist 's performance .
None of the above choices .
Because he is irresponsible
None of the above choices .
I would not be smoking weed
I bought enough to smoke some the same day
I refused to go out of the house so could n't get weed
Because they gave a lot of blood .
She expected the movers to take all day .
Because it allows me to examine her trust issue in a concrete way .
Because I was becoming ever so lonely .
They were acting their age in a young setting .
None of the above choices .
None of the above choices .
Start working through the dizziness .
None of the above choices .
I see other families take that long to get ready and when I do it it goes quickly so I can not understand or relate to why (D) None of the above choices .
He had a quick snack and wore some funny eyewear .
None of the above choices .
Because Jack likes coke and the writer wanted to do something nice for him .
Boxing will gain even more popularity .
Because they enjoy chatting with people online .
None of the above choices .
I would have baked biscuits
I would have baked new ones
I will learn to deal with the requirements and manage my own requirements all on my own which will be great for me as an adult
This person choose to leave their job by choosing life .
This person was unhappy with late night closings and choose to have a life by quitting .
None of the above choices .
Because I was on the ground .
I took some of my Cymbalta .
He could n't find the right words .
Because I was hit in the face .
Because they might have some serious medical condition .
I wanted my hair to be noticeable .
Because she had a disturbing dream .
They had excellent mechanics .
Because raccoons moved into the house .
I got to hang out with a good friend .
None of the above choices .
They would n't rediscover their clothes
I might find some time in the weekend to get more sleep so my cold gets worse .
AIDS causes immune deficiency making someone feel tired and fatigued regularly
I was having a music making session
I was planning to work out
None of the above choices .
I was not on time
Because they are a very rare case .
Because they want to live a long , good quality life
We made plans to attend grandfathers funeral
They will have grandpas burial
It was a reminder for him as to why he quit and how far he had come since that last cigarette
None of the above choices .
It might be because the teachers were well trained but I was n't prepared .
I was inspired by someone else with a similar issue .
Because I am getting straight A 's this fall .
It had unseen factors at play .
